# Document

## Page 1

```text
pannon
104-10213-10202F
at eye . / i:
<¢ /
. ' SECRET

| 2025 RELEASE UNDER THE PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY ASSASSINATION RECORDS ACT OF 1992 . |
1

. DOD 70-1-1
> CHAPTER 1

15 November 1074

ANNEX B
THE 201 SYSTEM

Rescission: Annex B of Chapter IL, CSHB 70-1-1, 27 October 1966

1. INTRODUCTION

The 201 system provides a method for identifying a person of specific ‘in-
terest to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent
information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying
subjects of 201 files from various categories of information about them and for
producing lisits of 201 personalities according to those eatesories. Only a rela-
tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify
opening a 201 dossier. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and ~
Cl investigation, prospective agents and sources, members of groups and organi-
zations of continuing target interest, or subjects on whom a volume of corre-
spondence has accumulated.

2% THE 201 SYSTEM

The principal features of the 201 system are: .

a. The 901 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234567, assigned to each
individual in the system to serve as identifying file number for reporting on that
individual

b. The 201 Dossier: thé official file containing the 201 opening form (Form
831) and all biographic reporting on and references to the individnal, i.e. pec-
sonal history, current status, and prospects. *

c. The Master 201 Record: a machine record generated by the opening of
a 201 file. This record produces the master 20] reference for the Main Index and
stores the pertinent information which may later be retrieved for special listings.

@. Main Index Master 201 Reference: this reference, printed in reply to an
Index Search Request, is printed as illustrated below. When data are absent
within the record, succeeding data items or lines will be moved up and the ref-
erence consolidated. . .

23

seen

wal teem
14-00000 I H
3 | L . '
at

SECRET

DOHB 70-}-1
5 CITAPTER HI, ANNEX B

; 15 November 1974

9902 CROIX, WILLIAM PEYOLerou 201-0032 71" (0)
Et MA COB 12 APA 36 08 CERM, B=PLI TVPS UE 1G)
ree CIT Gean ose beasacisy7 —@) Of CODES AA ar)

REP AACE-12345, 20 JE 53 Od CODE CHE: ROO DaTZ 53
Pe PECESTLY ATTENDED THE SEVENTEENTH AUSVAL Oo

COuPEAISCZ OP SHE ILTERNATIONAL ASSOC T, of CRoIISeS
ADD PHARAACESTS BELO Im MUSECH, GERMANY FROM 22 THROUC
29 cCtcecr.

20 EDV 70 00833555

om

Information About Subject
1, Sequesce Number and Name
2. Sex and Date of Birth

PUTT Re SER Bree wee Ne 6

ne
1

12. Reference

ISG Control Information
13. Date of latest update of the record
34. STAR Jadex Record Number

E 3. Citizenship Stet ;
* - 0 7 7 :
t 4. Place of Bisth i .
re 5. Occupation ; ‘
: 6. Occupation Code . ! :
on . i !
ae : t
Document Reference Dota Croup i <
8 201 Namber : : .
10. OF Codes 5 :
11. Record Date (year only) v 4 : § :
i c. .
5
v
F
s
F
a
e
§

SECRET

MW aedahtlmmmpmeitindinonren *

14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-!
CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

ec. OF Code: a two letter symbnl used in conjunction with the 201 per-
sonality records in the 201 system to record the association of an individual
with organizations or activities of operational interest. OI codes cover intelli-
gence and security service affiliation, whether staff or agent, or known or
suspect, as well as activities of DDO interest. There are two c.tegories of OL
codes for use Ly components:

(1) general OI codes (Attachment 4)

(2) OF codes assigned to a specific component for intelligence services
or other specific organizations.

A component may request an OI code be established by submitting a mem-
orandum to the DDO/RMO through the component Records Management
Officer.

A 201 personality may be assigned two OI codes. An OI code may be assigned
when the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) is initiated (see
paragraph 3b below) by filling in Box 13 or 2 code may be assigned or added
at a later date by a Form 831 amendment.

The 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of 201
personalities by OI codes. For example, if an OI code has been opened for the
security service of a certain country a listing may be compiled of all members
of that service. .

f. 201 Machine Lists: produced from the mechanized 201 Index, based on
names or other identifying information of personalities on whom 201 dossiers
exist.

3. OPENING A 201 DOSSIER

a. General

The opening of a 201 dossier is the prerogative of an operational com-
ponent, in coordination with the Information Services Group. An opening creates
& master 201 record. Changes to the master record and the occasional closing
of a 201 dossier are controlled jointly by the desks and ISG. 201 dossiers may be
opened on persons who meet the carding criteria described in Chapter II of this
handbook, when there is a reasonable expectation that additional information
will be acquired and filed in such a dossier. Generally dossiers are opened on
persons about whom counterintelligence information is being reported, and per-
sons of operational interest to the Operations Directorate, specifically those
persons for whom provisional operational approvals and operational approvals
are requested (see exception below). 201 files are not to be opened on staff
cwployces, staff agents and most categories of contract employees. Files on

3

SECRET

shaviiwae.

ae

14-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IU, ANNEX B

‘ 15 November 1974

1
t
H
‘
‘
i

persons who are only of Jocal interest to a field station or Headquarters desk
and on whom no DDO records correspondence exists are not a part of the DDO |
records systém and are to be maintained by that unit. Some desks levy require
ments on ISG for automatic 201 openings on certain categorics of persons whose
names appear in incoming dispatches. These are listed in Attachment 2 201
dossiers should be opened in the following categories:

i
!
i
|
i

(3) Subjects of provisional operational approval and operational ap- ¢ i
proval requests. However, a file need not be opened when a POA is requested .
for persons being trained for a foreign liaison service and who are of opera-
tional interest for training purposes only. .

(2) Persons for whom the field requests a 201 opening.

(3) MHFIXTURE personalities: bonafide diplomats of other than i i
denied area countries, in close association with staff personnel. i
t

i. . _@) Subjects of a Personal Record Questionnaire Part I.

cmt - ) Persons on whom a Main Index search reveals inforination infive | iE Fe feat
or more documents (see DOI 70-20). P

(6) Subjects of Interagency Source Register memoranda from LSN/
ISR (opened only by IP/RMS).

b. Requesting a 201 File Opening

Headquarters desks may open a 201 file by filling out t and submitting : :

a 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) to the Records Main- . ‘
tenance Section (IP/RMS). Form 831 is also used to create or amend the i i
master 201 record and 201 machine listings and to register the assign- :
ment of a cryptonym to a 201 personality. Attachment 3 consists of sample Bh ‘ !
a 201 Personality File Action Requests for opening and amending 20I's. A field j i oa |
a station may request the opening of a 201 file by writing 201- in the Head- : : !
oe quarters file or cross-reference box on the dispatch form and/or after the ; soe
ean . subject's name in the body of the dispatch. A telepouch request for a 201 opening a . .
is made by indicating 201- in the file number line. A cable request is made by 4 :
ie placing 201- after the term “File” on the last line of the transmission. IP/AN fi :

: - will open 201 files as requested by dispatch or telepouch but it is the responsi-
bility of the desk to respond to cable requests. Field stations are notified of
201 openings through receipt of the field master 201 record.

14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IL, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

4. CONTENTS OF THE DOSSIER

Information about a 201 personality should be filed or cross-referenced into
his dossier. When additional information is discovered on a 201 subject through
a mame trace or other process, i.e., review of predecessor documents, it must
be consolidated into his personality dossier. See DOI 70-20 for consolidation
procedures.

Material which is filed in the dossier includes but is not limited to: ~~

- a, 201 Personality File Action Request (Ferm 31). ;
b. Biographic information including photographs, fingerprints, and
handwriting samples.

ce. Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and H.

7 @. Operational and other security approval. =D

pe e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals.

& ; f. Acknowledgement of pseudonym: eee _ co
oe g. 201 personality assessments and evaluations, St me eee
ty

h. Copy of contract and termination papers.
L Secrecy agreement.
f Agent Duty Status Report.
k Training and evaluation.
L SGSWIRL report.
m. Newspaper clippings.
n. Any information which helps provide a better understanding of the
subject and our interest in him; this may include operational reporting.
5. MAINTENANCE OF 201 DOSSIERS

The 201 personality dossier contains, in document date order, papers which
have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which
have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articles
on the subject to finance and other administrative papers.

26.2

SECRET

14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IH, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

a. Purging

Purging a 201 dossier is the responsibili
discrimination in recognizing operationally
simple distinction between official and unofficial papers; it will therefore take
place under the supervision of a Records Officer, Purging should be done
Periodically. A 201 dossier heing forwarded to Central Files for retention should
be purged. A 201 dossier should. be purged of the following:

(1) Duplicate material, i.e, exact copy(s) of a document.
(2) Name trace form
_ the opening.
" (3) All abstract stips,

r
t
i _ (4) AD document restriction notices (Form 1884).
j
'

ity of the desk officer. Ie requires
useful material, rather than the

(Form 362) unless it has been the basis for

(5) The disseminated version of positive intelligence information if
8 copy of the raw report is contained in the

201 file; the dissemination number
then must be transferred to the first page

of the raw report.

(8) Routing slips, routing

and record sheets (Form 610) and dispatch
eee cover sheets unless there are re:

marks such as coordinations or comments, “

e+ ----—=--- (7) Record copy documents which only repeat substantive information
neeaad contained in other doc

uments in the file; authorization for destruction is
by the Records Officer, .

ha pe ene aes an

(8) Top Secret documents are not to be retained in a 201 dossier
forwarded to Central Files; the document must be downgraded for retention
in the 201 dossier. To dow

(8) Deferred documents (see 5b(2)). ,

b. Maintenance Procedures

oa AR LI PEER NITY ARVN IG OE #0
‘
E
a
g
s
Fa ge
8
8
a a
5
5
8
z
A
4
a
a
>
o
e
a
ES
=
is
-
°
gE
&

{ (1) All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order. .
t In the case of document attachments which have been classified iato a 201

a

i

2 262

¢ SECRET

}

i

&

wy, aie.

14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Wf, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

dossier and separated from the basic document by the assignment of a slash
number, the attachment will be filed by the date of the basic document.

(2) Deferred documents will not be filed in a 901 dossier. If they are
to be retained in the dossier they should be sent to IP/RMS for classification
into that 201. -

(3) Field index cards (held by some desks) and area desk cards may
be retained in the 201 as part of a consolidation procedure. These cards
should be mounted on a full-size sheet of paper for filing in the 201.

(4) A 261 dossier previously opened on 2 person who becomes a staff
employee and which contains Record Copy documents will be restricted to
the ISG/DIP unless the desk retains the restriction. The dossier should be
closed if there are no Record Copy documents in it.

(5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true
name 201 if one exists or converted to the true name. .

(6) Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest
should be incorporated into the official 201 after the duplicate material
_ has been purged ty the desk officer ‘and the remaining information classified
++ ¢ to that 201 by the Analysis Section (IP/AN)- ce
{7) Any document with a predecessor organizaticn cover sheet or an
OPC (Office of Policy Coordination) cover sheet from thd Archives and
Disposition Section (IP/ARD) must be retumed to IP/ARD for processing
to the 201.

(8) Desk memoranda (with or without a document source number)
containing substantive or derogatory information on the subject of the 201
should be sent to IP/AN to be classified officially into the 201 file.

(9) An attachment which should be separated from its basic document
for inclusion in a 201 personality dossier will be forwarded with the basic
document to IP/AN for processing into the 201. :

(10) To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK sensitivity of a document
remaining in a 201 dossier being retired to Central Files, place that document
in an envelope sealed with black tape (see DOI 70-17). Any RYBAT, P&L,
or KAPOK document sent to Central Files not in a black-taped envelope will
automatically be handled as desensitized. A black-taped envelope may con-
tain only one document and must be filed in chronological order within the
file. If there are numerous documents of this type the desk officer may black-
tape the entire dossier rather than individual documents (see DOI 70-10).

263

SECRET .

14-00000

cope
4 .

SECRET

<
é
«
“4
“a

a
tH
4

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IH, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

Black-taped dossiers or dossiers with black-taped documents will be
handled as restricted dossiers.

(11) An inactive 201 dossier or an inactive volume of a large 201
. Gossier on permanent charge should be -rctumed to Central Files under a
Routing and Record Sheet with the notation shown below. .

° UNCLASSIFIEO ines, . O consipenria,
Uist cout
ROUTING ANO RECORD SHEET

(For guidance sow CSAB TO-1-1,
Chapter IE, Acces B.)

() Motsteces boseter

(attacd Pore 2021 to
Dossier)

ALL docuseate prier to

. tae
forverted to I/Piles. All
Sorumnts after

i ate eee +:

fos
pod
Sea, C) UNcuasstrie . ‘
. 26.4 i
:
. i
{

14-00000

SECRET

DOH 70-1-1
- CHAPTER Wl, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

6. 201 DOSSIER CHARGES

A 201 dossier may be kept on permanent charge at the desk during any
period of active interest. If the dossier is transferred to another desk, the desk
officer who is transferring the dossier must notify Central Files of the transfer,
Ceatral Files uill then send the Notice of Transfer of Document or File Account-
ability (Form 2977) to the new action desk officer.

.

CONFISENT HAL

Tots is to netify you thet sscountability for the docupent(s) ent/or Thiels) elted
below bas been trassferred to you by: .

Te oe ee

sere

Sa
Accordicgly, IP's records now reflect you as the custodian. Please contact 17/Piles,

Ext. b362, tf yn: sve any questions Tegarcicg this transfer.

CONFIDEATIAL

The new action desk officer must then fill out a 201 Personality File Action
Request (Form 813) to change the action desk designation to insure that the
201 personality will be included in the Headquarters and field machine listings
for his component. . : . .

1. RESTRICTED DOSSIERS

a. Access to a sensitive 201 dossier may be restricted by holding the file at the
desk or placing it on restriction in Central Files. :

(1) The dossier may be restricted by checking -Box 2 on the 901
Personality File Action Request (Form 831) when the file is opened. .

265 .

SECRET

1400000 3
: . aE ear
. ‘ ‘
. %

|

feet mee re a ate ee eee TL SY = EN A he erent

SECRET

‘ DOHB 70-1-1
: CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

Sas Diba ee yeahhh,

15 November 1974

(2) The dossier may be restricted by holding it on permanent charge
from Central Files. (Note: To maintain the restriction of a dossier being
retumed to Central Files for rétention, a File Restriction Notice (Form
2021) must accompany the dossier.)

(3) The dossier may be restricted and held in Central Files by sub-
mitting a File Restriction Notice (Form 2021).

|

COSFIDENTIAL

(anes fttes t2)

ee es
P/FT
SC-$2_ TURE OTH

ACTIGN EZSE: 1. To restrict # file, conplate Eection A (signsture of B.0. rot
Becessary).
2. To resove a restriction, conplets Section B (2.0. sigusture
tecessary).

SacLa
PESTAIOT TO: (Use country or noa-coutry cote pusher. See CST 73-23)

BEST2IOTED BT:

b. Access to a restricted dossier located in Central Files is iimited to the
personnel of the restricting desk or persons authorized by that désk Any request
for the charge of a restricted dossier or any document within a restricted dossier
held in Central Files will be forwarded with the entire dossier and a multiple-
routed cover sheet to the restricting desk. This desk may then forward the file
to the requester or deny the request and return the dossier to Central Files. The
desk will notify the requester of a denial.

1 e. Anyone requesting a restricted dossier, or 2 document within a restricted
1 dossier, permanently or temporarily charged to a desk, will be referred to that
. desk by Central Files.

26.6

SECRET

sae

14-0000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ml, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

8. REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION ON: 201 PER>ONALITIES

The Automated Index Section (IP/AIS) will provide the idcatity of the
subject of a 201 number unless the 201 file is restricted, in which case the
requester will be referred to the restricting desk, .

IP/AIS will also provide the 20] number assigned to a name, unless the 201
file is restricted, or state that there is no 201 number assigned. Requesters should
supply identifying information whenever available for each name submitted.

Requests pertaining to five or fewer names or numbers may be made by
telephone by calling the IP/AIS red line extension; IP/AIS will provide the
information by return call to the requester’s extension as listed in the Badge
Table. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent
by tube or courier to IP/AIS; IP/AIS will reply by retum mail. .

9. 201 DOSSIER CANCELLATION

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer, after
appropriate coordination. The file should be forwarded to IP/RMS which will.
destroy the folder and the cards leading to it and will remove the name and bel pee
number from machine lists. Any Record Copy document contained in the folder
will be reclassified to another appropriste file or sent to the Destruction Unit
(IP/DU) as directed by the desk Records Officer.

10. 201 MACHINE LISTINGS

Machine listings provide field stations and Headquarters desks with names
and 201 numbers in the requester’s particular geographic or functional area of
intctest. If a component wishes to exclude a sensitive 201 personality from its
alphabetic, numeric, and cryptonym listings, this may be done when opening
the 201 or Jater by a 201 amendment. On the 201 Personality File Action Request
(Form 831) leave the country of location (Box 15) and interest desk (Box 16)
blink, use the non-country code 900 in the action box (Box 14), and indicate
permanent charge to the responsible desk. The only listing which will include the
201 number is the IP/201 record for the Vital Records program. 201 listings are
categorized as standard or nonstandard and as scheduled or special

a. Standard Listings

Issued semi-annually to Headquarters and the ficld; based on a component's
interest as indicated in the “Action Desk,” “Country of Location,” and “Interest

26.7

ae

Tt eee

14-0000

SECRET
.7 DOHB 70-1-1
oo. fate CHAPTER HI, ANNEX B
. . 35 November 1974

Desk” blocks on the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831). The
standard listings available are

Q) Alphabetical by surname, leading to a 201 number;
(2) Alphabetical by given name, leading to a 201 number; | ~ sc

(3) Alphabetical by cryptonym, leading to a 201 number;
(4) Numerical, leading to a surname; woe
(5) Numerical, leading to a eryptorym. - oot

CT a Oy ~ SECRETION CNIZATIGN INTE RMAL USE OMT

291 ramet supe OST

PRTC

Secu F sTnaszireaz 22307

Seu te sTaESsisesesobe  & resdelh

SrU-dET POT ENNITELIOND 80 cute,asor .

seu ee Oxsste Cais, Finite, PIO.

15 STON 3837009 QVCO Cite, PANT td, OCAT ARTA

a wast
ppaakes
cay
Grstere
sasae

BIS Cure aeancne

gror
ence

Beyiees one
a temere
qanse ane
.
Emon, Soecutcay FP Nseressse aye Tse
erty, Bu ter srsiseaeesectay om ctNCEe
rea, Yu bes a

Ceo, Son was sTNUSe TONNE ES
ee tds Cael eaters
Geer Re Seas tues FTLES2 88S 7F
HTN, Soy wSL eo EnnSs788505193°
Cote Series

ota eroacruas
Grin eye tes.
CHa, urns,
Cate, Foreere

or
oer
tos

ener

atissasesssoins
Sey eve si sszenscatie
Bin, ter Las 1.
Grice tes Uteae eri ysoserze38
Rome, Ger LEN SPDES E25 TOFS EE
Cogene seats svtgesre7s019

Cutn,2 tresone

Cute, stecae ome

Cola, ostasmsiee, a tansy

Coissestcmat on

Crim, ceatcting vey,

Cornesecrme

BASIS Gita, Fetes erey

TIOUCST CHIN, Smectnat aa
Catt, Cree pe

Crimnaae Cree

crie em

CHIN, Reencnne,

ie

AS CHEN aw

PELE TONG WSEEK, OUR AteT
Cmln, Cpe tane, or
erik, Grveat
EMER, Set Cowan

sTUNSeReescoseNs
ATU sree setee

og ten oe
worse

Gee, Sea vie STE SPREE SITES
Coin, Servovin sTUSsE sre sasegs
fetes vere,
ee ere
Crete Yer me FTA ES TEL IAAT

Ae teteemaatene Sete mee meen

14-0000

DOHB 70-1-1
me CHAPTER Ht, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

All standard listings are cumu!stive; previous editions must be destroyed
upon receipt of current editions. These listings are by their very nature extremely
sensitive compilations of information and must be given every possible safeguard.

b. Non-Stondard Listings
Based on one or more of the fo)!owing selection criteria: _
’ (1) Country of location a
(2) OL codes (organization and/or intelligence affiliation) ‘
(3) Citizenship bes ‘
(4) Year of birth (plus or minus a given number of years)
(5) Occupation. ste - oe .

These selection criteria may be used singly or in combinations. For example,
a user could obtain a list of all 201 personalities who have been assigned the
Ol code of XX or codes of XX, XY, or XZ. A 21 personality list could also be
produced of all persons who were born in Germany between the years 1915
and 1920, with the occupation computer specialist, who are now citizens of the
United States, located in Mexico, and who had been assigned the OI code AA.
Note however that the listing would contain only those personalities with an
OI code AA. Those personalities with an OI code other than AA and those
with no OF code would be excluded. The requester could however ask that
persons who have not been assigned an OI code also be included. Note also
that when retrieving lists based on occupation, the listing will be only as specific
as the occupation code (Attachment 1). The occupation cede for a courier

covers only a documented courier. Some ‘occupation codes cover more than one ¢

occupation. For example, the occupation code CRAF covers those who practice
some trade or manual occupation, i.e., carpenters, bricklayers, painters, mechanics
* and electricians. If a list is requested for electricians, all others in this category

“-- will be included in the printout. These non-standard listings may be sorted
_ (arranged) according to any, but not more than three, of the following keywords: _

(a) Sumame
(b) Given name

(d) Country of birth
(e) Citizenship

(£) OL code : ees tee

- (e) Date of birth ” -: Del RT

Oe ee
14-0000

ro

" . t is
i .
SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

i 15 November 1974

“Sorts can be made within sorts. For cxample, 20t personalities may be sorted
alphabetically by sumame within OI codes for given countries of location.
Because two O] codes may be listed for each personality, those names with two
OI codes would be listed twice.

ce. Scheduled Listings

Standard and non-standard listings printed semiannually.
d. Special Listings :

Unscheduled, usually non-standard, listings produced on a one time basis
an response to special operational requirements.

e. Request for Listings

All requests for standard or non-standard alphabetical and numerical 201

listings for Headquarters and the field, for changes in periodic listings, and for

. information on the 201 machine list system should be made to the component
‘ Records Management Officer.

of

.
a Aff MOE oe nee ne

ni

14-0000

J
4

DOHB 70-1-1
CIAPTER HI, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

AUTOMATIC 201 DOSSIER OPENINGS

Note: 201 files will be opened automatically by IP/AN on the following cate-
gories of people.
1. Arab Republic of Egypt (ARE)
a Diplomats with rank of third secretary or above.
b. Military attaches and assistant military attaches.
c. Intelligence officers of the General Intelligence Department (GID).

(Prior to opening of an ARE 201 file, check with NE/E for correct spelling
of name and additional piographic data.)

2 British Commonwealth ~
__ 2 All positively identified members of MI-5 and ML, the British Intelligence
Services. ~

b. AU positively identified members of the Irish Military Intelligence Service
(IMIS).

¢. Canadian Communist Party officials on national or provincial levels and
officials of the Canadian Communist Party front organizations. Do not open
unless there is at least a date of birth given.

@ AM members of the Security Service of the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police (RCMP-SS)-
3. Cuba
Intelligence service employees (DSE, DGI).
4. Israed

a All Israeli diplomats. C/NE/ISR should be indicated as the originating
office with CI/SP always indicated as the secondary office of interest.

b. Military attaches.
- te. ©. Assistant military attaches. .
~ C Wdentified intclligence officers. --

2615

SECRET

14-0000

i

. °
. . omen
i
oe .
t SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B
Attachment 2
15 November 1974
: 5. North Vietnam
: All diplomats and NFLSV (PRG) officials stationed abroad.
' : -
{

; 6. USSR

a. All Soviets assigned PCS to an official representational installation, i.e,
j embassy, consulate, commercial representation, national airline (Aeroflot)
j : . office, news media office.
{

b. All Soviets assigned PCS to the United Nations in New York, Paris, Geneva,
: and Vienna.

ce. Audio technicians, after coordination with SE “desk concemed. - |

d. Students who will be studying abroad for a full academic year at institutions |

of higher learning.

26.16

SECRET

[NEN ect ay v8 att

14-0000

im futyre reporting on the indivi!

a+ — - 4
ft
— SECRET &
_ o-bf a
~ wesilie CSHB 43-+-+ :
eb Aa” o CHAPTER I |
CLANDESTINE SERVICES . ‘
HANDBOOX NO. 43-t=1 15 February 1960

a ANNEX B

"PERSONALITIES - 201 AND IDN NUMBERS

point in time. These are normally subjects of extensi
CI investigation, prospective agents and sources,
groups and organizations of continuing target interest. Each of these
Personalities is assigned either a 201 number ran DN number.

lh 2. The 201 number. serves 2 . dual purpgse. tt brings the files on
these personalities into the CS records g¥stem. A single number,
e.g., 201~-123456, is assigned to each person, and a dossier controlled
by this number is established whichontains, or has cross referenced
to it, all of the reporting on the ingividual’s personal history, current

_ status and prospects. Once the 201 number is assigned, it is used in

both as a file number and in. place of
other identifying data. Up-tp-date machine listings are published
periodically to help field svations and headquarters desks keep book
on those 201 personalitiss falling in their particular geographic or
-functional area of inter ste

3. It has becom apparent that the 201 machine listings should in-

information or specific interest to warrant opening

te mple: A considerable number of stations are concerned

“—emeemenaee  -aemarercumen Semana
14-0000

+ HANDBOOK NO. 4r

SECRET

. : Jo-1-4
va CSHB43-+444
SO CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

CLANDESTINE SERVICES
15 February 1960

of the Cuban desk on the dramatis personae. In addition to > 201 per-
sonalities, such lists should.contain the names and identifying data
of persons who should be kept track of, althoug gh they may only be of
tangential interest or on whom there may be ttle or no data other
than that given in the listing itself-

4. To accommodate this type of requiyement in the 201 system,
identifiable personalities concerning whom enough information is not
yet available to require the opening of ¢ file may be assigned numbers
of the following type but in the same

These are relabeled “201” if a fjle is opened. IDN numbers are care

ried with 201 numbers in aporopriate general or special listings,
where they are identified by tie letter “I” in the “Type of Name” col-

- umn. IDN numbers are not €S file numbers.

5. All 201 code numbers are assigned by RID at headquarters, -
elther upon receipt of Form 831, or of a field dispatch. If a dispatch
is written about a personality not yet in the system, a 201 number for
it may be requested Simply by writing under headquarters file number

Dispatch Symbol and No. °
XYZA-~12345 :
Headquasters Tile No. ;
a 20k- :

6. IDN numbers are assigned by RID at headquarters upon the
request of stations or desks which are developing special identification
programs within the 201 system. The field receives current notifica-

tion Of new 201 openings-and-IDN-numbers_through the Field | Index Card

{
t

Service. .

44
sO SECRET

er ee a

ee

Or een

14-0000 Uy

weboe
on SECRET |

“TO go-t-f |
“sO CSHB 43-4 ft
CHAPTER IU, ANNEX B ;
CLANDESTINE SERVICES ,

Sea iatenten aaa

HANDBOOK NO. 43-4-1- 15 February 19 i
: , %. Stations or branches often are concerned with pepSonalities - ;
- mot of general CS concern. Files on these may be kept in any desired ‘
order. Should such personalities become of genergY CS interest, :
they must be brought into the 201 system. © : x |
- i :
. i :

|

45

SECRET

~~ eee mee ee ee ws ee ee ee te eee

i.
```

