# Document

## Page 1

```text
‘\od“t0408-10316 | 2025 RELEASE UNDER THE PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY ASSASSINATION RECORDS ACT OF 1992|

. Declassified and Approved for Release
by the Central intelligence Agency

ce E2003

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III

15 November 1974

tee ng eee waren te

' ANNEX B
THE 201 SYSTEM

Rescission: Annex B of Chapter III, CSHB 70-1-I, 27 October 1966

‘. INTRODUCTION

The 201 system provides a method for identifying a person of specific in-'

’ terest to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent

"information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying .
subjects of 201 files from various categories of information about them and for ~ _
producing lisits of 201 personalities according to those categories.-Only a rela-._
tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify
opening a 201 dossier. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and
CI investigation, prospective agents and sources, members of groups and organi-
zations of continuing target interest, or subjects on whom a volume of corre-

i spondence has accumulated. :

2. THE 201 SYSTEM —

The. ‘principal: featuies of ‘the’ 201 systérm.are: :

a. The 201 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234567, assigned to each
. individual in the system to serve as identifying file number for reporting on that
individual. :

b. The 201 Dossier: the official file containing the 201 opening form (Form.
831) and all biographic reporting on and references to the individual, ie. pei- ~ 7
: sonal il history, current status, and prospects. -

“e@ “The ‘Master 201 Record: a machine ‘record generated by the opening g of :
a 201 file. This record produces the master 201 reference for the Main Index and
stores the Pertinent information which may later be retrieved! for special listings.

d. Main. Index Master 201 Reference: this reference, printed in reply to an
Index Search Request, is printed as illustrated below. When data are absent
within the record, succeeding data items or lines will be moved up and the ref-
erence consolidated.

Bitar AREER PR RIO RE CHE SCY ATM RRR IY OPT EOO TNH MOIS NTO ARTERY GINS 7m

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

3

0002 CROIX, WILLIAM PENDLETON 2 202-0032671" —(@)
C_AEx M’pos 12 APR 26 OB GERM, aentis(3) TYPE MAME t——G)
crt GEAM oce puaninctsr” —@) OF COOES AA Xxx
REF AACD-12345, 20 JUN $3 OCC CODE CH RCD DATE 53

UBIJECT RECENTLY ATTENDED THE SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL

CONFERENCE OF THE INTERNATIONAL ASSQCIATION OF CHEMISTS ;

‘AND PHARMACISTS HELD IN MUNICH, GERMANY PROM 22 THROUGH

29 OCTOBER. :
30 NOV 70 00033535

1
i

Information About Subject

1

1, Sequence Number and Name

2. Sex and Date of Birth’ . we lee a Lot . :

° 3. Citizenship 2 ate ae 7, i
4. Place of Birth :

5. Occupation
6. Occupation Code
7. Text ©

Document Reference Data Group
“* 8, 201 Number wes
”

-aJdh atat aeerwenwietttes a8 ARLE 1

9, Name Type Indicator
_ .20.,01 Codes. vhs
n Record Date (year only) -
12. ‘Reference

ISG Control Information
13, Date of latest update of the record
14. STAR Index Record Number

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

e. OI Code: a two letter symbol used in conjunction with the 201 ‘per-
sonality records in the 201 system to record the association of an individual
with organizations or activities of operational interest. OI codes cover intelli-
gence and security service affiliation, whetaer staff or agent, or known or
suspect, as well as activities of DDO interest. There are two ‘categories of OL
codes for use by components:

(1) general Ol codes (Attachment 4) -

(2) OF codes assigned to a specific component for intelligence services
or other specific organizations.

A component may request an OI code be established by eubmitting a mem-
orandum to the DDO/RMO through the component Records Management
Officer. © +

A 201 personality may be assigned two OI codes. An OI code may be assigned .
‘when the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) is initiated (see
paragraph 3b below) by filling in Box 13 or a code may be assigned or added
ata later date by a Form 831 amendment.

The 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of 201
personalities by OI codes. For example, if an OI code has been opened for the
security service of a certain country a listing may be compiled of all members
of that service.

f. 201 Machine Lists: produced from the mechanized 201 Index, based on
names or other identifying information of personalities on’ whom 201 dossiers
exist. s
3. OPENING A 201 DOSSIER

‘a. General

.The opening of a 201. dossier is the prerogative: of an Operational com--
ponent, in coordination with the Information Services Group. An opening creates
a master 201 record. Changes to the master record and the occasional - closing.
of & 201 dossier aré controlled jointly by the desks and.ISG. 201 dossiers-may be - 7
opened on pérsons who meet the carding crftéria descrited'in Chapter IT of this ~:
handbook, when there is a reasonable expectation that additional information
will be acquired and filed in such a dossier. Generally dossiers are opened on { ;
persons about whom counterintelligence information is being reported, and per- }
sons of operational interest to the Operations Directorate, specifically those:
persons for whom ‘provisional operational: approvals and operational approvals ; .
are requested (see exception below). 201 files are not to be opened -on staff t ;
4 employees, staff agents and ‘most’ categorles of contract employees. Files oa ee

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

persons who are only of local interest to a field station or Headquarters desk

and on whom no DDO records correspondence exists are not a part of the DDO |

records systém and are to be maintained by that unit. Some desks levy require-
ments.on ISG for automatic 201 openings on certain categories of persons whose
names appear in incoming dispatches. These’ are listed in Attachment 2. 201
dossiers should be opened in the following categories: ; hE

(1) Subjects of provisional operational approval and operational ap-
proval requests. However, a file need not be opened when a POA is requested
for persons being trained for a foreign liaison service and who : are of opera-

a A tional interest for training purposes only. :

(2) Persons for whom the field requests a. 201 opening.

- (3) MHFIXTURE personalities: bonafide ‘diplomats of ‘other than
denied area countries, in close association with staff personnel,” .,

(4) Subjects of a Personal Record Questionnaire Part.

“=3(5) “Persons’
or more documents (see DOI 70-20).

(6) Subjects of Interagency Source “Register memoranda from LSN/
ISR (opened only by 1P/ RMS). . .

, b. Requesting @ 201 File Opening.

Headquarters desks may open a 201 file by filling © out - and 1 submitting
a 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) to the Records Main-
tenance Section (IP/RMS). Form 831 is also used to create or amend the
master, 201 record and 201 machine listings and to register the assign-
ment of a. cryptonym to a 201 personality. Attachment 3 consists of sample
201 Personality File Action Requests for opening and amending 201’s. A field
station may request the: opening of a 201. file-by writing. 201- in the Head-
quarters file or cross-reference box. on the dispatch form and/or after’ the
subject’s name in the body of the dispatch. A telepouch request for a 201 opening

is made by indicating 201- in the file number line. A cable request is made by -
placing 201- after the term “File” on the last line of the.transmission. IP/AN

will open 201 files as requested by dispatch or telepouch but it is the responsi-
bility of the desk to respond to cable requests. Field stations are notified of
201 openings through receipt of the field master 201 record,

26

supa

13-00000

|

SEGRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

be eee ge rE ae RE NOTEES

: 15 November 1974

4. CONTENTS OF THE DOSSIER

Information about a 201 Personality should be filed or cross-referenced into
his dossier, When additional information is discovered on a 201 subject through
a name trace or other process, ie, review of predecessor documents, it must
be consolidated into’ his personality dossier. See DOL .70-20 for consolidation
procedures.

Material which is filed in the dossier includes but is not limited to:
a 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831).

b. Biographic information including photographs, fingerprints, and
handwriting samples.

2 c Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and II.
d. Operational and other security approvals, | - Se
e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals.
f. Acknowledgement of pseudonym. °
g. 201 personality assessments and evaluations.
4 . ( h. Copy of contract and termination papers. —
* 4, Secrecy agreement.
yi j Agent Duty Status Report.

~k. Training and evaluation.
1, SGSWIRL report.

ar

tm. Newspaper clippings. ». a.

“‘n, Any information which helps provide a better understanding “of the ‘
. subject and our interest in him; his my include * operational {reporting

5 MAINTENANCE OF. ‘201 | DOSSIERS

The 201 personality dossier contains, in document date order, papers which
have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which
‘have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articles
on the subject to finance and: other” “administrative papers.

13-00000

MO.

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

a. Purging a

Purging a 201 dossier is the responsibility of the desk officer. It requires
discrimination in recognizing operationally useful material, rather than the
simple distinction between official and unofficial papers; it will therefore take
place under the supervision of a Records Officer. Purging should be done
periodically. A 201 dossier being forwarded to Central Files for retention should
be purged. A 201 dossier should be purged of the following: ~

* (1) Duplicate material, ie. exact copy(s) of a document.

'

. . (2) Name trace form (Form 362) unless 1 it has been the basis for
the opening.

(3) All abstract slips,
(4) All document restriction notices (Form 1884).

(5) The disseminated version of positive intelligence information if
a copy of the raw report is contained in the 20] file; the dissemination number
then must be transferred to the first page of the raw report.

(8) Routing slips, routing and record sheets (Form 610) and dispatch
cover sheets unless there are remarks such as coordinations or comments.

(7) Record copy documents which only repeat substantive information
contained in other documents in the file; authorization for destruction is
by the Records Officer.

(8) Top Secret documents are not to be retained in-a 201 dossier
forwarded to Central Files; the document must be downgraded for retention
in the 201 dossier. To downgrade a Top Secret document, an authorized
officer in the originating office or the Records Officer having jurisdiction
over the contents of the material must possess Top Secret classification. '~
authority. If the document cannot be downgraded the file should be retained’ :
at the desk or the copy of the TS document should be remaved,. retained nae
in a desk TS file or forwarded to ‘the 1 Top Secret Control Officer,.and a. -

. ¢eross-reference sheet’ ‘¢Form’ 867)" placed in the’ 201 file ‘eiving the fochtion x
of the. TS document.” we

(9) Deferred documents (see Bb(2))-

b. Maintenance Procedures

(1) All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order.
In the case of document attachments which have been classified into a 201
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

dossier and separated from the basic document by the assignment of a slash
number, the attachment will be filed by the date of the basic document.

(2) Deferred documents will not be filed in a 201 dossier. If they are
to be retained in the dossier. they should be sent to IP/RMS for classification
into that 201.

(3) Field index ‘cards (held by some: desks) and area desk cards may ~
be retained in the 201 as part of a consolidation procedure. These cards
should be mounted on a full-size sheet of paper for filing in the 201. .

(4) A 201 dossier previously opened on a person who becomes a staff
employee and which contains Record Copy documents will be restricted to
the ISG/DIP unless the desk retains the restriction. The dossier. should be
closed if there are mo Record Copy documents in it.

(5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true
name 201 if one exists or converted to the true name. *  * :

(8) Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest
should be incorporated into the official 201 after the duplicate material
has been purged by the desk officer and the remaining information classified
to that 201 by the Analysis Section (IP/AN).

(7) Any document with a predecessor organization cover sheet or an ,
OPC (Office of Policy Coordination) cover sheet from the Archives and
Disposition Section (P/ARD) & must be retumed to IP/ARD for processing
to the 201,

(8) Desk memoranda (with or without a document source number)
containing substantive or derogatory information on the subject of the 201
should be sent to. IP/AN to be classified officially into the 201 file.

(9) An attachment which should be. separated ‘from its basic document -

-. for inclusion in a-201 personality dossier will be forwarded with the basic
“document to. TP/AN. for: processing ito: ‘thé 201,-

(10) To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK’ sensitivity Fe a docanient pee

remaining in a 201 dossier being retired to Central Files, place that document *__
in an envelope sealed with black tape (see DOI 70-17). Any RYBAT, P&L, —
or KAPOK document sent to Central Files not in a black-taped envelope. will .

‘ automatically be handled as desensitized. A black-taped envelope may ‘con- ~

tain only one document and must be filed in’ chronological order within ‘the_-

file. If there are numerous documents of this type the desk officer may Dlack-— no

tape the entire dossier rather than’ individual documents (see Dor” 179-10).

13-00000

an . DOHB 70-1-1
BD CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

ee 15 November 1974

7 Black-taped Gossters or dossiers with black-taped documents will be
«_, handled as restricted dossiers, — — . a
Do (11), An. inactive 201 dossier or an -inactive volume of a large 201
_ .-dossier on. permanent charge: should be -retumed to-Central Files under
... Routing and Record Sheet with the notation shown below..; oo

. wee, +, ‘fan:

(Por guigasce see CSHB 70-2-1,
Chapter III, Ansex 3.)

Volune(s) ¢ of,

voluse(s)

of 201.

[o) Restricted Dosster
(Attach Fors 2021 to
Doseler)

(Co) Moa-Restricted Dossier
13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
er . CHAPTER Ul, ANNEX B

15 November: 1974

6. 201 DOSSIER CHARGES —

A 201 dossier may be kept on permanent charge at the desk during any
period of active interest. If the dossier is transferred to another desk, the desk
officer who is transferring the dossier must notify Central Files of the transfer.
Central Files will then send the Notice of Transfer. of Document or File Account-
ability (Form 2977) to the new action desk officer.

s

_ CONFIDENTIAL

(whee pitted tay

: NOTICE OF TRANSFER OF DOCUMENT OR FILE ACCOUNTABILITY
a a

Tats is to notify you or eecountability for the document(s) and/or file(s) cited
below has deen transferred to you by:

awe - cer en CL ae

wT.

Accordingly, IP's records uov reflect you as the custodian. Please contact T/iles,

Ext. 4362, if you have any questions regarding this transfer.

£008 2977 eve Peuvvegs cortions

CONFIDEATIAL

The new action desk officer must then fill out a 901 Personality File Action ©
Request (Form 813) to change the action desk designation to insure that the

- ° . for his component.

7 RESTRICTED DOSSIERS.

a. Access to a sensitive 201 dossier may ba restricted by holding the file at the
desk or placing it on restriction in Central Files. ~

(1) The dossier. may be restricted by checking -Box~2 on- the 201
Personality File Action Request (Form 831) when the file is opened.

SECRET

~ 201 personality will be included in the © Headquarters and field maching. jistegs a

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
- ; CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

(2) The dossier may berestricted by holding it on permanent charge
from Central Files. (Note: To maintain the restriction of a dossier being
returned to’ Central Files for retention, a File Restriction Notice (Form
2021) must accompany the dossier.)

(3) The dossier may be restricted and held in Central Files by sub-
* mitting a File Restriction Notice (Form 2021). - *

COMFIDERTIAL

(hea Pitted fa)

FILE RESTRICTION NOTICE

2 1. To restrict a file, ccoplete ‘Section A (signature of R.O. not
Hecessary).
2. To remove a restriction, coaplete | Section B (ne oO. sgnature
necessery).

SECTIONA
RESTRICT TO: (Use country or non-country code number. Sea CSI 70-28)

RESTRICTED BY:
compoNENT: LS Dates

REMOVE RESTRICTION (AUTHORIZED BY)
COMPOSENT:

R200 waa COWF IDENT IAL $2 moet ey cert

wa b ‘Access toa restricfed dossier located in Central Files is imited ¢ to the
personiel of the restricting desk or persons authorized by, that desk, Any request

to the requester or-deny the request and return the dossier to © Central Files. The -
desk will notify the requester of a dental. . Grae ye

c. Anyone requesting a restricted dossier, or a document within é “restricted -
dossier, .permanently or temporarily charged toa: desk, w will be referred to. that . :
desk by Central Files. Bed

13-00000

i

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

8, REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION ‘ON’ 201 PERSONALITIES

the Automated Index Section (IP/AIS) will provide the identity of the
subject of a 201 number unless the 201 file is restricted, in which case the
requester will be referred to the restricting desk.

FATIMA OR: AA RT HORICA HUN I VB
MEERA HT ‘ . . it

1P/AIS will also provide the 201 number assigned to a name, ualess the 201
file is restricted, or state that there fs no 201 numberassined, Requeéstérs’stiould ~
supply identifying information whenever available for each name submitted.

‘Requests pertaining to five or fewer names or numbers may be made by
telephone by calling the IP/AIS red line extension; IP/AIS will provide the
information by return call to the requester’s extension as listed in the Badge
Table. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent
by tube or courier to PIAIS; IP/AIS will reply bys retumn mail.

9, 201 DOSSIER CANCELLATION

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer, after.

appropriate coordination, The file should be forwarded to IP/RMS which will

9, destroy the folder and the cards leading to it and will remove the name and
, number from machine lists. Any Record Copy document contained in the folder

will be reclassified to'another appropriate file or sent to the Destruction Unit
(IP/DU) as directed by the desk Records Officer.

A ND EFTTA L BIEN eer F,

10. 201 MACHINE LISTINGS

Machine listings provide field stations and Headquarters desks with names
and, 201 numbers in the requester’s particular geographic or functional area of
interest, If a ‘component wishes to exclude a sensitive 201 personality | from. its 2
alghabetic, numeric, and cryptonym listings, this may be done when opening” -
the 201 or later by a 201 amendment. On the 201 Personality File Action Request
(Form 831) leave the country of location (Box 15) and interest desk (Box 16)

~ blank, ‘tse’ the pox-country code 900°fh. the action box (Box.14), aiid indicate!
‘ permanent: -charge to the responsible desk: The only listing which will include the
201 number is the IP/201 record for the Vital Records program. 201 listings @ are
categorized as standard or. nonstandard and as scheduled or special. -

a. Standard ‘Listings’ oa

sey eg Ya MEE ET RGD) EERE MRNEE ET MMP FEE
“<

Issued semi-annually to ‘Headquarters ‘and the field; based ona component's woe
interest as indicated in the “Action Desk,” “Country of Location,” and “Interest

SEGRET

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER JH, ANNEX B

: ee : 15 November 1974

. Desk” blocks on the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831). The,
standard listings available are: -« oe moan

lide LSS

(1) “Alphabetical bys sumame, ‘eading to a 501 number; ,
(2) Alphabetical by given name, leading to a 201 number; ‘

_ (8) Alphabetical by cryptonym, leading to a 201 number;
(4) Numerical, leading toa surname; |. ;

_ (5) Numerical, leading to a cryptonym. a -

"FOL © CHING SECRET/ORCANIZATION INTERNAL USE OALY
201 SURNAME a bra UtST
v :

ToT

Ve bos BIATHEL OCte ° XT eT Ts a ines

1371943750307, q CHEN
TULS79343/00017 7 _ CHI CHIX s
SHOU Te APUUS/ESGIZOOOLS (2 | 24 UANEE - . 6s) CHIN Se
SHEUWSFN JOTIAFIIDESOONS . °° oy . BUSP CCON? 0043751 “CHIN WK rs

suc MEE . Oagant?
Celt, SHINING 7710971399890 lactose
Hi 2 Sete Sapte FTULS/LLON ZOOL A L2xoved

FUKICH, PROV. CHINT 0234629 : Gute cuss
ANC? TA, OGAT ARTH . GMAT 0179620 CHIN CHIN
MUNAK Chat = 0069786 cule

t

. denanes “OUPT CoRN 0905380 . . 7 CRIS MT
9 SHO ENG FTUES/TOSsE cat : CANTON EKGH ChAT | G8t7ESS. . CHLK ux
S¥CU TIk /OTHL/LIAI/L9O7 ~ Ozstezs QLTACKIKE PRO CHIN? OL30613 Cuta Tare
SHOVEL CTUUS/TL0G/459 _12sante FURIERN CGCHT 0091803 "Otte
suinjevt a osu canton DAOF CHIN? 9040289 . CHIM Usa 1
seesgen I Aa eC | BRANGIUKG PPCY Cute Weal i
SoreCHT /TILS/2495/6930  ORsUhI0 iv Cuts Talw :
Ses Geren STVIGAIZESATS 7, ue ue OL244348 ” . Cl i .
SHUSCMIUAN /TULSZ299572 xOv30 ua : . Tsta Gat orerays CHI re
sly feet PUSS LIONS 12797 a GUAGZ2 .. CHIR PEILIU CHIN? 0200223 CHIN
a seu Fan a . - Q4AKST? cuin ere
Cube, Seat wan /TLLS/2045 734057 QPIULLS CHIN, RA AKG TUNG CIV? OlTee2t Him CHtn
CFR, Sd SLANG PTUUSS 2ST OS TS te Chin, FUxIER CHIn? = 0044759 rr
CHEN, SirseSLUHs STULSZZGASIT | 1 QPREROT Crt ite CHANGTUNG . “ 6C98? 0093195. 1
Gee, Shy MSU 77215/2855/6193 ~ OSsAYIG = CHIN, FOOCHCH . 7 CHIN? OLTAA22 .
CHES. Sutra .  WOMARZE coe . . OPT CCCM. ozzsier «| !
CHEM Sitted LTULS/ZIVI/SOROF a OOFEBLG «CHIN, HOPES - oO O10T Chat - 0838136 . one .
tae o MU MUTE SILL 9/2003 72710 2™movad CAT me Fang: CupnG PROB CHIN? 0179673 : i
ry tie aad CCON 9221972
cimcay ttle . ower CUNT 0227162
2SnNVZ0- CHIMFERCSIUN “Gnine O179e7s
SHE ING /920972973/010 OLAS CHIN, FLAKSSU RICA CCST. ONgaeea
Shue “ae os CatN, wStannsten, RLANGSU Chay gorenet-) =

Sey Rin AUALS/ 2009708000 CHIMSCHENCHAS €MAO CHIN? 0176623 = -—

Smu-Pan ATULSESTIZOZ0RS CHIM, CUARCTUNG PREV. + +. GnAT? 0052608 - -
SHUSSER /TUUSAZNOS/27797— A Cube, Rwarcruis . CWIN? OoBStIS Chin tat
Ve Soseseeay SIUUS/25FOF0FL" Cilia, FURIES PFOV CHIN? O103289. - OUN Chin. >
» Snu-Te atidsageesruresy : CH SHaxcHay an GEOL CHIN? O7o2AI8-  - * CeO ! ats
ae SHY BEN NSS v i 1 Ote

Me Sis CNG FFLGS7OONT/EOS®
eo SMU TE STURSAZARSFZTSTF -

a ATILIZAGST/O3STS
ve ATULSAZESS/LOIE
7
‘4

CHIM? “OtoTI06
his CHEN RY Chime oly
HERG YANG MSIEN, HUN ARMY. CNAT
Coit tan int Cons ’
SeaaAt gus Ong
0 SEC Civay |

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1 -
CHAPTER IIl, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

All ‘standard. listings are cumulative; previous editions must..be destroyed . ,
upon receipt of current editions. These listings are by their very nature extremely
sensitive compilations of information and must be given every possible Safeguard.

veoh te oer

b. Non-Standard Listings .

" Based on one or more of the following selection criteria: . :
2 (QQ) Country of location ,
(2) OI codes (organization and/or intelligence sfiiaton)"
(3) Citizenship : 4 .
(4) Year of birth (plus or minus a given number of years) _
(5) Occupation. = .- ~-:- co Looe

These selection criteria may be used singly or in combinations. For éxample,
a user could obtain a list of all 201 personalities who have been assigned the :
Ol-code of XX or codes of XX,.XY, or XZ. ‘A 201 personality list could also be = 7
produced of all persons who were born in Germany between the years 1915
and.1920, with the occupation.computer ‘specialist, who are now citizens of the
United States, located in Mexico, and who had been assigned the OI code AA.
Note however that the listing would contain only those personalities with an
OI code AA. Those personalities with an OJ code other. than AA and those .
with no OI code would be excluded. The requester could however ask that
persons who have not been assigned an OI code also be included. Note also
that when retrieving lists based on occupation, the listing will be only as specific
as the occupation code (Attachment 1). The’ occupation code for a courier .*
covers only a documented courier. Some “occupation ‘codes cover moré thdn orie ~
occupation. For example, the occupation code CRAF covers those who practice”
some trade or manual occupation, i.e., carpenters; bricklayers, painters, mechanics
"and electricians. If a list is requested for eléctricians, all others in this category. ©.”
+ will be included jin ‘the’ printott, These non-standard listings -may be sorted
_ (arranged) according to any, but not more than three, of the following keywords:

(a) Surname

* (b) Given" name-

" (6) Date’ of birth”:

*(d) Country of birth ; Ce i, co ee
(f) Of code ttn
(g) Location ,

. 26.9 _ --

13-00000

_ DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

“Sorts:‘can: be made within ‘sorts, For example, 201 personalities may be sorted -
“ alphabetically by surname within OI codes: for given- countries of focation.: - -
Because two OI codes may be listed: for each Personality, those names ‘with two
OI codes would be listed twice, eee

c. Scheduled Listings
Standard and non-standard listings printed semiannually.
. d. Special Listings ,

Unscheduled, usually non-standard, listings produced on a one time basis
in response to special operational requirements.

e, Request for Listings

All requests for standard or non-standard alphabetical and numerical 201
listings for Headquarters and the field, for changes in periodic listings, and for
information on the 201 machine list system should be made to the component
Records Management Officer. .

BIL EO Rep RITE Te recremene e etes +

2.

3.

4
T,

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B
ttachment 2

15 November 1974

AUTOMATIC 201 DOSSIER OPENINGS

Note: 201 files will be opened automatically by IP/AN on the following cate-

gories of people.

1. (Arab Republic of Egypt (ARE) ?

a. Diplomats with rank of third secretary or above.
b. Military attaches and assistant military attaches.
c. Intelligence officers of the General Intelligence Department (GID).

(Prior to opening of an ARE)201 file, check with{NE/E) for correct spelling
of name and additional biographie data.)

British Commonwealth }

a, All positively identified members ofMtE-5-and MIG theBritish Intelligence
Services. ~ 9 : ; :

b. All positively identified members of the\rish)Military Intelligence Service

c.{CanadiasyCommunist Party officials on national or provincial levels and
officials of theGanadian-Communist Party front organizations. Do not open

ad

unless there js at least a date of birth given.

ee a
d. All members of the Security Service of the (Royal Canadian Mounted
Cuba

Intelligence service employees (DSE, DGI).

a. All Csrael}} diplomats. (CTNE/ISR? should be indicated as the originating
office with CL/SP always indicated as the secondary office of interest.

b. Military attaches.
c. Assistant military attaches.

ad. Identified intelligence officers.

SO Ar

13-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IIT, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

_ or ~ me ee

5. North Vietnam . : woe .
All diplomats and NFLSV (PRG) « officials stationed abroad.

6.USSRO Do - os

a. All Soviets assigned | PCS to an official representational installation, 1 Le.,:
" embassy, consulate, commercial representation, natisnal airline (Actflt} .
office, news media office. .

b. All Soviets assigned PCS to the United Nations in New York, Paris, Geneva,
and Vienna.

Cc Audio technicians} after coordination with SE desk concerned.

d. Students who will be studying abroad for a full academic year at institutions —
of higher learning, ;

13-00000

7 : ; qo-I-4
~ Pele Smelha CSHB 43-4-+
_ CLANDESTINE SERVICES
‘HANDBOOK NO. 4g~t-1 . . 15 February 1960 i
a13q ! i 5 cei

“ ANNEXB  L

set day

So """"_pERSONALITIES - 201 AND IDN NUMBERS
. -!. 2. The 201 number 8 serves a. ‘dual purpgse. tt brings the files on :
these personalities into the CS records system. A single number,
e.g., 201-123456, is assigned to each person, and a dossier controlled 3
’ by this number is established which/ontains, or has cross referenced ;
to it, all of the reporting on the ingividual’s personal history, current :
. status.and prospects. Once the 201 number is assigned, it is used in
... future reporting on the individval both as a file number and in place of |

i ap oe ,
SECRET DR AascKks foc idel
) Oad Lr -
13-00000

‘ : Fb-l-1
“atl CHAPTER Mi, ANNEX B

‘CLANDESTINE SERVICES
‘ HANDBOOK NO, 43-t-f . 15 February 1960

of the Cuban desk on the dramatis personae. In addition to 0 201 per- ;
sonalities, such lists should contain the names arid identifying data
of persons who should be kept track of, although they may only be of

‘tangential interest or on whom there may be ttle or no data other -

than that given in the listing itself>

4. To accommodate this type of requi ment in the 201 system,
identifiable personalities concerning whom enough information is not

yet available to require the opening of file may be assigned numbers

These are relabeled “201” if a fjle is opened. IDN numbers are car~

ried with 201 numbers in appropriate general or special listings,

‘where they are identified by te letter “I” in the “Type of Name” col-
‘umn. IDN numbers are not £S file numbers. — - -F

°§. All 201 code numbers are assigned by RID at headquarters,

‘either upon receipt of Form 831, or of a field dispatch. If a dispatch

is written about a pergonality not yet in the system, a 201 number for

it may be requested Simply by writing under headquarters file number
in the dispatch form as follows:

Dispatch Symbol and No.
ae XYZA~12345 Wt
: Headquarters) File No. to
= 201- a a

- feeder ne

°
Pa

oe 00 oe ee

. 6. IDN numbers ¢ are assigned by RID at headquarters u npon the -
request of stations or. desks ‘which are developing special identification

programs within the 201 system. The field receives current notifica--.
tion of new 201 openings and IDN numbers through the. Field Index Card on

Service. .- .

44

CJ)
13-00000

‘ Fo-I~
VY woe CSHB 43-1-+
. . CHAPTER I, ANNEX B'
CLANDESTINE SERVICES ;
HANDBOOK NO. 43-i-14- 15 February 19 i
: an ' 4, Stations or branches often are concerned with peydonalities

not of general CS concern. Files on these may be kepfin any desired -
.: |, order. Should such personalities become of genergY CS interest,
they must be brought into the 201 system. ° ar
```

