# Document

## Page 1

```text
‘oa“t0087-10054 [2025 RELEASE UNDER THE PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY ASSASSINATION RECORDS ACT OF 1992 |
. —

ph (SECRET (
DOHB 70-1-1 |
CHAPTER Ill

45 November 1974

ANNEX B

THE 201 SYSTE)
Rescission: Annex B of on 27 October 1966
L INTRODUCTION ge oo 7
The 201 system ~<a os identifying a person of specific in-
Dire:

terest to the Operations we and for controlling and filing all pertinent
information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying
subjects of 201 files from various categories: of information about them and for
‘producing lisits of 201 personalities according to those categories..Only a rela-
tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify
opening a 201 dossier. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and
Cl investigation, prospective agents and sources, members of groups and organi-
zations of continuing target interest, or subjects on whom a volume of corre-
spondence has accumulated.

2. THE 201 SYSTEM
The principal features of the 201 system are:

a. The 201 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234567, assigned to each
individual in the system to serve as identifying fi _ for reporting on that

individual. ge
: b. The 201 Dossier: the oftienl Ale ‘ We ling the 201 opening form (Form
831) and all biographi Ponting: Op am < yr individual, ie., per-

sonal history, curren’ seer

a) generated by the opening of
IRBs 1 Ster 201 reference for the Main Index and
stores the pertinent informatidn-which may later be retrieved! for special listings.

d. Main Index Master 201 Reference: this reference, printed in reply to an
Index Search Request, is printed as illustrated below. When data are absent
within the record, succeeding data items or lines will be moved up and the ref.
erence consolidated.

23

SECRET

6004763 Fie CL or ty

CHAPTER IH, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

!
DOHB 70-1-1 BS |
!
|
|

creer cre te aera eget

201-0032671* —(@)
EX M DOB 12 APR 26 TYPE NAME T-———(@)
RACES © OI CODES AA Xx

tC CoE. ct so RCD DATE 53
DED THE SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL :
RNATI A ABSOCTAT Of CHEMISLS

Glas OM 22 THROUGH
\ ‘y

00833555

0002 CROIX, WILLIAM AGN

Information About Subject

- 1. Sequence Number and Name

2. Sex’ and Date of Birth oe
3. Citizenship . so
4. Place of Birth

5. Occupation

a, Oe ee

6. Occupation Code
7. Text

Document Reference Da

8. 201 Num ce
” 9. Name Typ NA

10. OI Codes

on ee |

11. Record Date > only)

12. Reference

ISG Control Information
15. Date of latest update of the record

14. STAR Index Record Number

24

SECRET _ ‘,

De ON A et

banecres eine

PAGE > of —

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

“"e. OI Code: a two letter symbol used in jon with the 201 per-
i a tation of an individual
interest. OL codes cover intelli-
gence and security service affiliatiq ether staffcdy agent, or known or
suspect, as well as activities,¢ aks) two. categories of OI
codes for use by compo:
(1) general OI

(2) OI codes assigned
or other specific organizations

A component may request an OI code be established by submitting a mem-
orandum: to the DDO/RMO through the component Records Management
Officer. . :

A 201 personality may be assigned two OI codes. An OI code may be assigned
‘when the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) is initiated (see
paragraph 3b below) by filling in Box 13 or a code may be assigned or added
at a later date by a Form 831 amendment. : :

The 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of 201
personalities by OI codes. For example, if an OI code has been opened for the
security service of a certain country a listing may be compiled of all members
of that service.

.

f. 201 Machine Lists: produced from the mechanized 201 Index, based on
names or other identifying information of personalities on whom 201 dossiers

exist. - :
3. OPENING A 201 DOSSIER Ws

a. General ; GO S

The opening of a 20) ex is he” prerogatixe of an operational com- . —
ponent, in coordination iit ati sMeroup, An opening creates

tiomBErviee:

a master 201 record\\S{hnves“to th and the occasional closing

of a 201 dossier are cdjtetled jos sks and ISG. 201 dossiers may be | --,

opened on persons whowmec OO criteria described in Chapter II of this t- ‘

handbook, when there is * as le expectation that additional information
will be acquired and filed in ‘such a dossier. Generally dossiers are opened on
persons about whom counterintelligence information is being reported, and per-
sons of operational interest to the Operations Directorate, specifically those
persons for whom proyisional operational. approvals and operational approvals
are requested (see exception below). 201 files are not to be opened on staff

4 employees, staff agents and most categories of contract employees. Files on-

25

SECRET

14-00000

nd Ne
|
|
i
}
( (
SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1

CHAPTER IH, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

and on whom no DDO records corresponde ts are not a part of the DDO
records systém and are to be maintains yb init. Some desks levy require- * -
ments.on ISG for automatic Nits nt certain categories of persons whose *

names appear in inco: i jat listed in Attachment 2. 201
dossiers should XS EU

7 (1) RACK oe :
proval requests: Hong ed not be opened when a POA is requested

for persons being g tral r a foreign liaison service and who are of opera- .
“tional interest for training purposes only. :

persons who are only of local interest to a cen station or Headquarters desk

(2) Persons for whom the field requests a 201 opening.

(3) (errxTURE personalities: bonafide diplomats of other than
denied area countries, in close association with staff personnel.

_@) Subjects of a Personal Record Questionnaire Part 1.

_. - ” (5) Persons on whom a. Main Index search reveals information i in five
or more documents (see DOJ 70-20).

(6) Subjects of Interagency Source Register memoranda from ISN/
ISR (opened only by IP/ RMS).

b. Requesting a 201 File Opening

Headquarters desks may open a
a 201 Personality File Action
tenance Section (IP/RMS)

filling out and submitting
1) to the Records Main-

‘53 “as see to create or amend the
he Iis ee to register the assign-

ce master 201 record
ment of a cryp erent ee 3 consists of sample
201 Personality ion Rega ing and amending 20I’s. A field
5

station may requ t the- ie i by writing 201- in the Head-
quarters file or crossx e on the dispatch form and/or after’ the
subject’s name in the body‘0f the dispatch. A telepouch request for a 201 opening
is made by indicating 201- in the file number line. A cable request is made by
placing 201- after the term “File” on the last line of the transmission. IP/AN
will open 201 files as requested by dispatch or telepouch but it is the responsi-
bility of the desk to’ respond to cable requests. Field stations are notified of
201 openings through receipt of the field master 201 record.

26

SECRET

COUL7E6 —_
pace Sof OD
COPY NO.
SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

4. CONTENTS OF THE DOSSIER

‘Information about a 201 personality should be filed or-cross-referenced into
his dossier. When additional information is Oo on a 201 subject through

a name trace or other process, i.e., revie ecessor documents, it must
be consolidated into his personality: iv OI 70-20 for consolidation
procedures. : / oo 4 : oe
Material which i lossier.é ut is not limited to:
La 201 PRY File (Form 831).
b. Biographic i
handwriting samples.

uding photographs,’ fingerprints, and

2 8 Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and II.

d. Operational ‘and other security approvals. .- on
e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals.

f. Acknowledgement of pseudonym.

g 201 personality assessments and evaluations,

; 4 . { h. Copy of contract and termination papers.

: i, Secrecy agreement.

j. Agent Duty Status Report. -

a k. Training and cvaluation<\ Ww .
27 1 SGSWIRL repe US}
. | m. coon gm

n, Any information-y agin vide a better understanding of the
subject and our interest ihNQ tis may include operational reporting.

5. MAINTENANCE OF 201 DOSSIERS

The 201 personality dossier contains, in document date order, papers which
have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which
have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articles

_ on the subject to finance and other administrative papers.

26.1

SECRET

GO0L IED

14-00000

SECRET -

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

a. Purging

Purging a 201 dossier is the responsibility of the desk officer, It requires
discrimination in recognizing operationally useful material, rather than the
simple distinction between official a ial papers; it will therefore take
place under the Supervision of 4: ficer. Purging should be done
periodically. A 201 dossier. bei r to Central Files for retention should
be purged. A 20) «dossier “Sheu DBs Purges aaf the following:

mel tae (s) of a document.

(2) Name h Wi
the opening eK
, (3) All absttdct slips, :
(4) All document restriction notices (Form 1884).

(5) The disseminated version of positive intelligence information if
a copy of the raw report is contained in the 201 file; the dissemination number
then must be transferred to the first page of the raw report.

(6) Routing slips, routing and record sheets (Form 610) and dispatch
cover sheets unless there are remarks such as coordinations or comments,

(7) Record copy documents which only repeat substantive information
contained in other documents in the file; authorization for destruction is
by the Records Officer, :

(8) Top Secret documents are i \\ ined in-a 201 dossier
forwarded to Central Files; th ae n é downgraded for retention

: Op Secret-document, an authorized
ycer having jurisdiction
ib op Secrét classification

in the 201 dossier. To
officer in the origi

nt c; ed the file should be retained
at the desk or the 2 tS ument should be removed, retained
in a desk TS file or fo (led“to the Top Secret Control Officer, and a
cross-reference sheet (Form 867): placed in the 201 file giving the location
of the TS document, - : ;

(9) Deferred documents (see 5b(2)).

b. Maintenance Procedures .
(1) All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order,
In the case of document attachments which have been classified into a 201

26.2

SECRET -

62) unless it has been the basis for :

001768 PAGE ? of Pa

COPY No.

a
14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

dossier and separated from the basic document by the assignment of a slash
number, the attachment will be filed by the date of the basic document.

» (2) Deferred documents will not be filed in a 201 dossier. If they are
to be retained in the dossier they should be sent

RMS for classification
into that 201. - A os
(3) Field index car f ae J'and area desk cards may
\b consolid

’ be retained in the: i rocedure. These cards
should be mounted :

(4) A 201 dossiex pr
employee and which contalg

‘\ ing in the 201. .
enerbon & person who becomes a staff
cdg Copy documents will be restricted to
the ISG/DIP unless the. advk Fetains the restriction. The dossier should be
closed if there are no Record Copy documents in it.

(5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true
name 201 if one exists or converted to the true name. .

_ (6) Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest
should be incorporated into the official 201 after the duplicate. material
has been purged by the desk officer and the remaining information classified
to that 201 by the Analysis Section (IP/AN).

(7) Any document with a predecessor organization cover sheet or an
OPC (Office of Policy Coordination) cover sheet from thé Archives and

Disposition Section (IP/ARD) must be returned\to IP/ ARD for processing
to the 201. <(N

4 document source number)

iiformation on the subject of the 201
jn the 201 file.

arated from its basic document

containing substantive
<—
should be sent tog

(9) An attact
for inclusion in a ae ér will be forwarded with the basic
document to IP/AN for g irito the 201.

(10) To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK sensitivity of a document
remaining in a 201 dossier being retired to Central Files, place that document
in an envelope sealed with black tape (see DOI 70-17). Any RYBAT, P&L,
or KAPOK document sent to Central Files not in a black-taped envelope will
automatically be handled as desensitized. A black-taped envelope may con-
tain only one document and must'be filed in chronological order within the
file. If there are numerous documents of this type the desk officer may black-
tape the entire dossier rather than individual documents (see DOI 70-10).

28.3

SECRET

EEE NCAP SR 2s Sa AA AEBS TOUS RRR Y ETM IY

GOUT 26 pacz_ Sof Za,
89 2

cory NO.

14-00000

SECRET

- DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

Black-taped dossiers or dossiers with black-taped documents will be
_ handled as restricted dossiers. .

woe . (11) An. inactive 201 . dossier or an { ive volume of a large 201
_. «dossier on. permanent charge. shoul to Central Files under
-,,.Routing and Record Sheet with 0 iown below. . ; : we

EK) secrer

(For guidance see CSB 70-1-1,
Chapter ITI, Annex B.)

Volumes) #___ of ___ votune(a)
of 201-

Restricted Dossier
(Attach Porm 2021 to
Dossier)

(J Non-Restricted Dosster

r ar Dossiers:
? 8 prior to
toe (date y
4 “i 1P/Pilea, ALL

\ RY,

“desk.

coer oven
ER toe . Gi) secret] comrinentian = teak C)UNcLassiFiED

SUUL770

14-00000

my see

201 personality will be includedan:
for his component. gv :

LL RENEE TRE PN
MLDS, RAS OAT NE-YO EADS MOTE PRAY DTA PUY ERED ALAS tty PANERA DN TERA PAPI PS MTR WP OLN RW . :
HN IOLA SERINE PRET ro A EE 1S es aeves BS : ;

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B .

15 November: 1974

6. 201 DOSSIER CHARGES -:

A 201 dossier may be kept on Ppermanent’.c Ne the desk during any
period of active interest. If the dossier, is transfettadto another desk, the desk
officer who is transferring the dossier must. zip! fy Central Files of the transfer.
Central Files will then send eN t of Pransf eR Qcument or File: Account-

ability (Form 2977) to the ES

This is to notify you that eccou
delow has been transferred to you by:

Accord ingly, IP*

aT
8 records now reflect you as the custodian,
Ext. 4362, if you have any questions regarding this transfer.

intability for the document(s) and/or file(s) cited

Please contact) IP/Files,

{224 2977 use peavious wertiems

CONFIDENTIAL

Gt

The new action desk officer must then. fill
Request (Form 813) to change ine ft
eo)

K von Personality File Action

designation to insure that the

desk or placing it on rest

(1) The dossier n¥4¥ be restricted by checking -Box-2 onthe 201 }
Personality File Action Request (Form 831) when the file is opened.

26.5

SECRET

C004 71 PAGE _/p)_

COPY NO.

14-00000

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B
15 November 1974

(2) The dossier may be restricted by holding it on permanent charge
from Central Files. (Note: To maintain the restriction of a. dossier being
retumed to Central Files for retention, a File Restriction Notice (Form

21), =.

2021) must accompany the dossier, \ a ;
(3) The dossier er & fae id held in Central Files by sub-

“ a File se . ot
AON \e

(When Pitted In)

FILE RESTRICTION NOTICE

1. To restrict a file, complete Section A (signature of R.O. not
necessary). . .
Ne 2. To remove a restriction, complete Section B (R.0. signature
necessary), ,

RESTRICT TO: (Use country or nou-country code number. See CSI 70-28)
RESTRICTED BY: ———

COMPONENT: . Date:

SECTION B
- REMOVE RESTRICTION (AUTHORIZED BY)
COMPONENT: Date:

5985 2021 35 eTess'er* CONFIDENTIAL £2, IMPOET CL ov. c7e7?

for the charge of a restricted dossier nt within.a restricted dossier
held in Central Files will be fo:
routed cover sheet to the r
to the requester or-de:

desk will notify

“ ..b. Access to a restricted dossier located in Central Files is limited to the
personnel of the restricting desk or person os by that desk. Any request

i e.gntire dossier and a multiple-

. Thi k may then forward the file
dossier to Central Files. The

: vow or a document within a restricted

dossier, .permanently or arged to a desk, will be referred to that

desk by Central Files,
26.6

SECRET

GUULI 72,

£

racs _// of 4,
cnpy Ho. a |

ot

—rn

14-00000 © w ~~,
E | SECRET
5 DOHB 70-1-1
g CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B

raed Huse sane

_ interest. If a component wishes to exclidé
. the 201 or Iater-by a 201 a

* blank, use the no Ww “y b

categorized as standard o:

15 November 1974

8, REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION ON’ 201 PERSONALITIES

“he Automated Index Section (IP/AL Jn ovide the identity of the
subject of a 201 number unless then20tu He E icted, in which .case the
requester will be referred _te @\restrigting Webk. woe a

'to a name, unless the 201
signed, Requesters should
for each name submitted.

pa numbe;
\

supply identifying informatio ~
“Requests pertaining tdcfi

ewer names or numbers may be. made by
telephone by calling the

FAIS red line extension; IP/AIS will provide the

information by return call to the requester’s extension as listed in the Badge.

Table. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent

_by tube or courier to IP/AIS; IP/AIS will reply by:retum mail.

9. 201 DOSSIER CANCELLATION.

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer, after
appropriate coordination. The file should be forwarded to IP/RMS which will
destroy the folder and the cards Jeading to it and will remove the name and
number from machine lists, Any Record Copy document contained in the folder
will be reclassified to another appropriate file or sent to the Destruction Unit
(IP/DU) as directed by the desk Records Officer.

10. 201 MACHINE LISTINGS -

Machine listings provide field stations and E adquarters desks with names
and 201 numbers in the requester’s =e raphic or functional area of

ve 201 personality from its

is may be done when opening
ersonality File Action Request
and interest desk (Box 16)
action box (Box 14), and indicate
only listing which will include the
he Vital Records program. 201 listings are
lard and as scheduled. or special.

alphabetic, numeric, and ceryptqnyé
(Form 831) leave th ec)

Permanent charge tye Ne
201 number is the IP/20k¢%

a. Standard Listings

Issued semi-annually to Headquarters and the field; based on a component's.

interest as indicated in the “Action Desk,” “Country of Location,” and “Interest ;

26.7

SECRET

COPY NO.

6004773 PACE JB op dy

——meee
14-00000 ww . : ae .

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

. . 15 November 1974

Desk” blocks on the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831).° The
standard listings available are: t, wo be . mos Soe

Ora caine SECRET/ORGANIZATION INTERNAL USE ONLY
2Ot SUQNAME ALPHA LIST a -

: !
TR, Shi Te TTUTSTUSNTTSOTET /ETJULL4 |. CHING KWANGTUNG “CHIN? OleSsoL” eH
CHEM, SHOU T /711371343700017 7 5 ‘ - . - OPT Ress CHIN {
“SHU T. £7915/1345/00017 pA 24am . . 70653 . » CHIN
SHOU-SFY JOTTAT VOR L00R8 . vo" - CHIN, A4OY . QUSP CCOM? 0043751 CHIN {
SHcU MEL JOASANTD == CHIN, FUXTEM, PROV. CHI? 0234629 to OOM ENE i
CHER, SNA ENG, ‘17109713837690 "RINCTOR © Cite, MANCHUZIA, PORT agtH . CHAT OL7S620 CH {
- Giese SOU SUH FTLUS/ELOSZOOL A "L2NOV22 CHEN, HUNAN, . CuAT 9089786 orn |
SriCu-TAD LeHARSS CHIN DIPr cons = g9253990 . . CHIY i
CUTER, SHOT ESENG PPLESFTLOSSL . car + City CANTON EKGR CHAT | Q892855 _CHIK
CHE, SHC TZE SOTOLALIAI/L E97: " O@SEPZ4 CHT, KTACKIEC PRO CHIN? 0130615 cut !
fuer, ouneeret STLLS/Y1057495 A2SANIG CHING FUXTEN COCK? §=a091n03 *. CHIN i
cans t . O9JUNI9 CHIN, GaNTOH PROF CHIN? “OO402A5 CHIN USA {
outs: oo -A | RONEELE CHING RwANGSUNG PECY CHAT? 0052638” CHU MWAT H
CutN, SH 47105/2899/6930 O2UUL30 CHIN, KWARGIUNG PROV. aeMy CHAT = 0328328 "CHIN: Taw
t # SH CAN ATEEGAIZ1O/122° ree be CHEM, HUAN TANG TS CHIN? O2e43a CH 1K
EMOENG SHUSCHIUAN Z7ERS/ 258572 NOV30 tix : TSEA CHAT 0797335 . CHIN HK »
& + Si Mt LTUNSS2985 72797 a Ctan2z2 CHINPFICIU, |. CHIN? O2n9223 . CHIN |
R preerea O4RAST? Culm erat :
. P71tS2983751057 DEIULLS CHIN, Re SNGTUNG CHIN? O179821 cuts cHty ;
A453 FTULS/257977%% 19 CHIN, FURLEN CHIN? 0044759 curn t
SIUIS STRES/Z9NS 77 - BBFENOT CHING XHANGTUNG 0973195 = CHIN |
1 sty mse FULLSZ2095/8133 ~ OSHAYLA CHIN, FOCcHCH O179K622 CHIN CHIN Hf
SMv=ny A  SOMAR26 O2z3161 - : guts cey H
¢! Suet £T115/2205750307 A OBFERLE «CHIN, HOPET- Oe30155 use t
Gum, SU RUT fI1ES72085 72710 27N0V23) GSN, FANG CHENG 0175823 . 5 thea i
curn, smu Les. wR : CHIN : IM 0222972 GM cite i
CHL, SF LtAUG *TLI97us677004 crrcan CHiN . . o\\ O223162 : CHEM CHTy ;
CUE, a UI sTILS 22579726517 25NOV20- CHIN, FERCSHUN -. Ol79026 . “CHEM TAT H
nkINS 271097249737010° O1NL28: CHIN, KTARSSU JM. OR5NKSO CHIN Lars '
‘ . “8 2086920" . fe: CHAT = 99969qT cur uss t
yA STELS/2829/05397 152230. z Cuso CHIN? O17¢625 + CHIN CHI {
1) STRESS 2979002027 reneni9 * Ad NAT? 0052630 “CHEN Haar i:
ATNISS2A95 277397 k TH? OOGSILD Cutn retw \
Ye SMieSvay /TLLS/23 797039 L ind 0103299) = CHEN CHIN |
CHEN, SHUsTE £7115/2895717957 0763916 Ott aye +t
CHEM, SHU TED 74787 0013991 CHIN !
CHEN, SiN HUNG 7711570667/6639 CHIN? . 0153929 . Gwin CHiN i
SMV ATUUS 22995727577 CCOM” OTT ARE Cute UK t
e Seu TR ATILS/NGAT/OIITS Ok O13tz20 cuts
ENs SHU-VAU 7711257269571 031L “£Cn4? 0995196 “ 1 CHIR
Ma SMU=Y Et v CHIN? O107396 Cte cnn ux aed
Sm YIN /71157289975391F ora SS CHIN? O1T5424 CHtn {
te SMMMYIN FTULSZ2 57974 N27 omnrsa cor Hs YANG HSIEN, WIN ARMY -CNAT — G359828 : cute |
“ ATFeNdS Cutan. Mire tANG “INT oceaw asnaaio cHin f
erty ZtAPHAL CHIN, SHaNGHAL cH? onsauin . cuts }
fn AM YD FPL UDS25 TEs 39427 ¥ O4SEP2B° CHIN, Set CuWAK . CHIN? O1gnrsn Coie {

SECRET/URGANLZATION INTERNAL USE OLY
EZ Tener cu ny 054079

26.8

SECRET

OUL774 ose =f a
14-00000

{
H
i
7
I
i
i
f
:

., (arranged) according to any, bi mG He

CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

All standard. listings are cumulative; previous editions ‘must. be. destroyed

upon receipt of current editions, These listings are by their very nature extremely
sensitive compilations of information and must be NANG possible safeguard.

’ Based’on one or more of

b. Non-Standard Listings a~ © \
“9%. (1) Country |

e Aue Mion og i} vc, ,
on
_ (2) OL codes nization < Igence affiliation)” ~~
"” (3) Citizenship aa a mae
_ 4) Year of birth (ph or minus a given number of years) -
(8) Occupation... - .: + aa .

These selection criteria maybe used singly or in combinations. For example,
a user could obtain a list of all 201 personalities who have been assigned the
Ol code of XX or codes of XX, XY, or XZ. ‘A 201 personality list could also. be
- produced of all persons who were born in Getmany between the years 1915
and. 1920, with the occupation. computer ‘specialist, who are now citizens of the
United States, located in Mexico, and who had been assigned the OI code AA.
Note’ however ‘that the listing would contain only those personalities’ with an

OI code AA. Those personalities with an OI code other. than AA and those .

with no OI code would be excluded. The requester could however ask that
persons who have not been assigned an OI code also be included. Note also
that when retrieving lists based on occupation, the listing will be only as specific

as the occupation code (Attachment 1). The’ occupation code for a courier °
covers only a documented courier. Some “occupation codes cover more than one ©

occupation. For example, the occupation code CRAF covers those who practice

some trade or manual occupation, i.e., carpenters; bricklayers, painters, mechanics
" and electricians. If a list is requested for electriciap: rs in this category
“will be included in -the printout. These nomsfan

e following keywords:

(a) Sum “‘¢ ae
(b) Given’ same W . af
(4) Country of birth Pu a

(e) Citizenship So : :
(g) Location

26.9

SECRET

COUL275

DOHB 70-1-1-

s-may be sorted. .

14-00000

SECRET

, __ _DOHB 70-1-1
- CHAPTER II, ANNEX B-

‘15 November 1974

~ alphabetically: by sorname_ wi en. countries of location.: - -
Because two OI code lity, those names with two

“Sorts: can: be made within ‘sorts. nh exay ersonalities may be sorted” -
“ee
in 0)

“OI codes would Lb

——- al

poet _ Standard and noma tings Printed semiannually.

..d. Special Listings

. Unscheduled, usually non-standard, listings produced on a one time basis |
in + response to special operational requirements.

e. Request for Listings
All requests for standard or non-standard alphabetical and numerical 201 :

listings for Headquarters and the field, for changes in periodic listings, and for
information on the 201, machine list system should be made to the component

Records “tt co
Oe ao

; 26.10
SECRET
3
re) .
pace  /S” of od
: COPY NO.

|
14-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER I, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

AUTOMATIC 201 DOSSIER OPENINGS
ae \

Ye 4
Note: 201 files will be opened automaticly by 2p IAW ogy the following cate-
gories of people. :

above.

b. Military attaches and assi
c. Intelligence officers of the General Intelligence Department (GID).

(Prior to opening of an ABED201 file, check with (NEI for correct spelling
of name and additional biographic data.)

2.( British Commonwealth]

“a. All positively identified members 0.

f fT on andra
Services,

b. (Misi identified members of the (isly Military Intelligence Service
~ {(IMIS)

c. (Canadian) Communist_Party official ae
officials of theCanadiay Comsfuni t
unless there is one date of'B oe given,

i “ge

i. GW \\

Intelligence service employees (DSE, DGI).
4. srael >

reer

All Israel) diplomats.

Y should be indicated as the originating
office with CI/SP always indicated as the secondary office of interest.

MIG the itis) Intelligence

1 or provincial levels and
rganizations. Do not open

ad. All members whe

3. Cuba

oyal Canadian Mounted _|
I .

a

. Military attaches.

2

Assistant military attaches.

i. Identified intelligence officers.
26.15

SECRET

pass JG of 2a.
TCE,

COPY NO.

14-00000 |

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1 ©

CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974 |

5. North: Vietnam
All diplomats and it 3

6. USSR aN)

a. Row we = representational installation, Le,
Ssy, con, Re resentation, national airline (Aeroflot)

office,

\bfficials stationed abroad. -

b. All Sovis | ea PCS to the United Nations in New York, Paris, Geneva,

and Vienna. °
x Audio technicians, after coordination with SE desk concerned.

d. Students who will be studying abroad for a full academic year at institutions
of higher learning. .

rea

26.16

SECRET

001778

SECRET

7O-I-[
CSHB 43-4-4
CHAPTER I

‘CLANDESTINE SERVICES “
‘HANDBOOK NO. 43-¥=1 » , 15 February 1960

ai TANI) el oe mo
« 1.. A relativel\\ small proportion of the total number o personali-~
ties indexed by the CS are of active operational interestAt any given
'. point in time. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and
' CI investigation, prospective agents and sources, arid members of
. groups and organizations of continuing target interest. Each of these
personalities is assigned either a 201 number gr an IDN number.

ase

-:. 2. The 201 number serves a dual purpgSe. It brings the files on :
_. these personalities into the CS records s¥stem. A Single number,
e.g., 201~123456, is assigned to each p erson, and a dossier controlled -
by this number is established which fontains, or has cross referenced
‘to it, all of the reporting on the indtvidual’s personal history, current
, Status.and prospects. Once the 261 number is assigned, it is used in
',..futyre reporting on the individu both as a file number and in place of
other identifying data. Up-to-date machine listings are published .
periodically to help field st4tions wet owrcu desks keep book
an

on those 201 personalitied fal particular geographic or
~functional area of inter¢ i) a .

arent th sae machine listings should in-
0 jes onal interest because of their

connection with a “ ¥ organization even though there may a

not be sufficiext information or specific interest to warrant opening

ve. @ file. For gfample: A considerable number of stations are concerned

» With the activities of Cuban exiles. Coverage of their movements, .
-», factions ghd objectives can be assisted by furnishing all participating:
stations/up-to-date listings containing information under the control:

crca wasKks 7o-l-l Ait
; 1 Dod ho _ |
GOUL?79 a Me en

ene
14-00000 fe ~

( SECRET | (

a . - . Fo-1-1
mie es CSHB43-144
SU END . CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B
‘CLANDESTINE SERVICES
‘ HANDBOOK NO. 43~t-r . 35 February 1960

' of the Cuban desk on the dramatis personae. In addition to 201 per- ; ae
sonalities, such lists should contain the names arid identifying data we
of persons who should be seer Sai they may only beof ~.- :

tangential interest or on_w ttle or no-data other «= -
than that given anit : :
4. To accomm ate | ement in the 201 system,
' identifiable personalit(@) ao whgm enough information is not

yet available to requir# et 8 es of d file may be assigned numbers |
me of the » following type but in the same ies: . . .

7) ° These are relabeled “201” if a fife is opened. IDN numbers are car-
. ried with 201 numbers in appropriate general or special listings,

where they are identified by tHe letter “I” in the “Type of Name” col~

* umn. IDN numbers are not S file numbers. : : - |

5. Aul 201 ‘code numbers are assigned by RID at headquarters, - 4
. either upon receipt of F6rm 831, or of a field dispatch. Hadispatch . z
is written about a personality not yet in the system, a 201 number for i
it may-be requested Simply by writing under headquarters file number ;
in the dispatch form as follows: ; , oan

vo 6. IDN numbers a: a xy. RID at headquarters upon the -
: request of stations co ‘which are developing special identification
programs within the 201 system. The field receives current notifica-
tion of new 201 openings and IDN numbers through the Field Index Card .
Service. .-

44

yo _ SECRET

OUULTEG
14-00000

. order. Should oa e of geney
they must be ma

( SECRET
; . . 70-I-l
soot CSHB 431+
. . CHAPTER WM, ANNEX B
CLANDESTINE SERVICES )
HANDBOOK NO. 43-4-i- 15 February 19

not of general 1 oa these may be kept in any desired

CS interest,

PRO

45

SECRET-

608 47 et pint Zo. & oO.

gery NO}
```

