# Document

## Page 1

```text
‘od“10081-10779 [2025 RELEASE UNDER THE PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY ASSASSINATION RECORDS ACT OF 1992

: sonal history, current status, and Prospects.

“s ~

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER I
15 November 1974

ANNEX B

THE 201 SYSTEM

Rescission: Annex B of Chapter III, CSHB 70-1-I, 27 October 1966

1. INTRODUCTION

The 201 system provides a method for identifying a person of specific in-
terest to the Operations Directorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent
information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying
subjects of 201 files from various categories of information-about them and for —
producing lisits of 201 personalities according to those categories..Only a rela-_
tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify
opening a 201 dossier. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and
Cl investigation, prospective agents and sources, members of groups and organi-
zations of continuing target interest, or subjects on whom a volume of corre-
spondence has accumulated.

201 SYSTEM |

a. The 201 Number: a unique number, ie, 201-1234567, ; assigned to each
individual in the system to serve as s identifying file number for reporting on that
individual. .

b. The 201 Dossier: the official file containing the 901 ¢ opening form (Form
“831L) and all biographic reporting on and references to the individual, i ie, per-

“e The Master 201 Record: ‘a machine record generated by the be oa of -
a 201 file. This record produces the master 201 reference for the Main Index and
stores the pertinent information which may later be retrieved! for special listings.

d. Main Index Master 201 Reference: this reference, printed in reply to an
Index Search Request, is printed as illustrated below. When data are absent

within the record, succeeding data items or lines will be mov. ed up and the ref.
erence consolidated.

23

SECRET

14-00000

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ul, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

0902 CROIX, WILLIAM PENDLETON 2 201-0032671* —(@)
@p_-SEX Mf bop 12 APR 26 OB GERM, penury(3) TYPE WANE ‘T-———()
Cent GERM Occ PHARMACIS’ ad) OX CODES AA m5
S>OCREF AACD~12345, 20 JUN 53 OCC CODE CHEN RCO DATE 53
UBJECT RECENTLY ATTENDED THE SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL oo)
2) CONFERENCE OF THE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF CHEMISTS

“AND PHARMACISTS HELD IN MUNICH, GERMANY FROM 22 THROUGH
29 OCTOBER.

30 NOV 70 00833555

Information About Subject

1. Sequence Number and Name

2. Sex and Date of Birth
4, Place of Birth

5. Occupation

6. Occupation Code

7. Text
Document Reference Data Group
8. 201 Number .

9. Name Type Indicator
20.. OI Codes

11. Record Date (year only)

12. Reference

ISG Control Information
. 13. Date of latest update of the record
14, STAR Index Record Number

eee Oe: Oe, er ee

24

i
14-00000

_
A
»
i
é
e
:
i

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B:

15 November 1974

e. OI Code: a two letter symbol used in conjunction with the 201 per-
sonality records in the 201 system to record the association of an individual
with organizations or activities of operational interest. OL codes cover intelli-
gence and security service affiliation, whether staff or agent, or known or .
suspect, as well as activities of DDO interest. There are two categories of OI
codes for use by components:

(1) general OI codes (Attachment 4)

(2) OI codes assigned to a specific component for intelligence services
or other specific organizations.

A component may request an OI code be’ established by submitting a mem-

orandum to the DDO/RMO throvgh the component Records Management
Officer.

A 201 personality may y be assigned two OI codes. An OI coder may be assigned
when the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) is initiated (see
paragraph 3b below) by filling in Box 13 or a code may be assigned, or added
at a later date by a Form 831 amendment.

' The. 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of, 201.

. de-has been.opened. for the
ecurity ‘service of a certain ¢ county a listing may ‘be compiled of. all ‘members ~
of that service.

f. 201 Machine Lists: _ produced from the mechanized 201 Index, based on

names or other identifying information of Personalities on whom 201 dossiers
exist.
5

3. OPENING A 201 DOSSIER , ‘
a. General

The opening of a 201 dossier is the prerogative of an operational com-
ponent, in coordination with the Information Services Group. An opening creates
a master 201 record. Changes to the master record and the eccasional closing
of a 201 dossier are controlled jointly by the desks and ISG. 20] dossiers may be ~
opened on persons who meet the carding criteria described in Chapter II of this
handbook, when there is a reasonable expectation that additional information
will be acquired and filed in such @ dossier. Generally dossiers are opened on
persons about whom counterintelligence information is being reported, and per-
sons of operational interest to the Operations Directorate, specifically those
persons for whom provisional operational. approvals and operational approvals
are requested (see exception below). 201 files are not to be opened on staff
employees, staff agents and most categories of contract employees. Files on

25

SECRET

14-00000

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

persons who are only of local interest to a field station or Headquarters desk

and on whom no DDO records correspondence exists are not a part of the DDO |

records systém and are to be maintained by that unit, Some desks levy require-
ments on ISG for automatic 201 openings en certain categories of persons whose

‘names appear in incoming dispatches. These are. listed in Attachment 2. 201

dossiers should be opened in the following categories: . cet

(1) Subjects of provisional operational approval and operational ap-
proval requests. However, a file need not be ‘opened when a POA is requested
for persons being trained for a foreign liaison service and who are of opera-

"tional interest for training purposes only.

(2) Persons for whom the field requests a 201 opening.

' (3) MHFIXTURE personalities: bonafide diplomats of ‘other than
; denied area countries, in close association with staff personnel,

(4) Subjects of a Personal Record Questionnaire Part I.

or more documents (seéDOL 70-20). -

(6) Subjects of Interagency Source Register memoranda from ISN/
ISR (opened only by IP/RMS). : ,

b. Requesting a@ 201 File Opening

Headquarters desks may open a 201 file by filing 0 out - and submitting
a 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) to the Records Main-
tenance Section (IP/RMS). Form 831 is also used to create or amend the
master 201 record and 201 machine listings and to register the assign-
ment of a cryptonym to a 20] personality. Attachment 3 consists of sample
201 Personality File Action Requests for opening and amending 201’s. A field

station may request the opening of a 20}. file by writing 201- in the Head- .

quarters file or cross-reference box on the dispatch form and/or after’ the
subject's name in the body of the-dispatch. A telepouch request for a 201 opening
is made by indicating 201- in the file number line. A cable request is made by
placing 201- after the term “File” on the last line of the transmission. IP/AN
will open 201 files as requested by dispatch or telepouch but it is the responsi-
bility of the desk to respond to cable requests. Field stations are notified of
201 openings throygh receipt of the field master 201 record.

26

SECRET

_ BRR
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

4. CONTENTS OF THE DOSSIER

Information about a 201 personality should be filed or cross-referenced into
his dossier. When additional information is discovered on a 201 subject through
a name trace or other process, i.e, review of predecessor documents, it must
be consolidated into his personality’ dossier. See DOI 70-20 for consolidation
procedures. uo

Material which is filed in the dossier includes but is not limited to: oe
+a, 201 Personality File Action Request ( Form <) 9 7

b. Biographic information including photographs, fingerprints, and

oe}, Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and Il. _~

a. Operational and other security ‘approvals. ne

. ‘e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals.

‘h. Copy of contract and termination papers, ©
i. Secrecy agreement.

i. Agent Duty Status Report.

Lk Training and evaluation. : Co, at
~ L SGSWIRL report. "= 9 a
mi. Newspaper clippings. a ; . ; ;
kh Any information which helps provide a better understanding of the |
subject and our interest in him; this may include operational reporting. ; :
5. MAINTENANCE OF 201 DOSSIERS )

The 20] personality dossier contains, in document date order, papers which
have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which
have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articlés
Gn the subject to finance and other ‘administrative papers.

26.1

SECRET
14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

a. Purging

Purging a 201 dossier is the responsibility of the desk officer, It requires —
discrimination in recognizing operationally useful material, rather. than the
simple distinction between official and unofficial papers; it will therefore take
place under the supervision of a Records Officer. Purging should be done
periodically. A 201 dossier being forwarded to Central Files for retention should
be purged. A 201 dossier should be purged of the following: :

(1) Duplicate material, i.e., exact copy(s) of a document. ;
(2) Name trace form (Form 362) unless it has been the basis for
_ the opening. . st
: (3) All abstract slips, , re
' (4) All document restriction notices (Form 1884).

(5) The disseminated version of positive intelligence information if
a copy of the raw report is contained in the 201 file; the dissemination number
then must be transferred to the first page of the raw report...

(6) Routing slips, routing and record sheets (Form 610) and dispatch 7
cover sheets unless there are remarks such as coordinations or

Record copy-doeuments which"? only, repeat’ ‘substantive informat
ed. in-“other.. documents in the file; authorization for destruction is
the Records Officer.

(8) Top Secret documents are not to. be retained in a 201 1 dossier
forwarded to Central Files; the document must be downgraded for retention -
in the 201 dossier. To downgrade a Top Secret document, an authorized
officer in the originating office or the Records Officer having jurisdiction
over the contents of the material must possess Top Secret classification
authority. If the document cannot be downgraded the file should be retained.
at the desk or the copy of the TS document should be removed, retained -
in a desk TS file or forwarded to the Top Secret Control Officer, and a
cross-reference sheet (Form 867) placed in the 201 file giving the location
of the TS document. -

(9) Deferred documents (see 5b(2) )-

b. Maintenance Procedures

(1) All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order.
In the case of document attachments which have been classified into a 201

26.2,

SECRET

14-00000

eSATA SHE TRY BOAT PEI RAPD TE NTL PAL RAMEE BERTI TOI RIPLEY RNS BNE MRT ay

CARNE, SRR NRTEER EYP OPEN FI ROOT BREA BE PIAL

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

dossier and separated from the basic document by the assignment of a slash
number, the attachment will be filed by the date of the basic document.

(2) Deferred documents will not be filed in a 201 dossier. If they are
to be retained in the dossier they should be sent to IP/RMS for classification
into that 201.

(3) Field index cards (held by some-desks) and area desk cards’ may
be retained in the 201 as part of a consolidation procedure. These cards
should be mounted on a full-size sheet of paper for filing in the 201. :

(4) A 201 dossier previously opened on a person who becomes a staff
employee and which contains Record Copy documents will be restricted to _
‘the ISG/DIP unless the desk retains the restriction. The dossier should be
closed if there are no Record Copy documents in it.

(5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true
name 201 if one exists or converted to the true name.

. (6) Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest
should be incorporated into the official 201 after the duplicate material
. has been purged by the desk officer and the remaining i information classified
~ to that 201. by the Analysis Section (P/AN). ees

(1) Any document with predécesse organization. cover. sheet or an:
OPC (Office of Policy Coordination) cover sheet from thd Archives and
Disposition Section » ORIARD) must be retumed to IP/ARD for processing
to the 201. . :

(8) Desk memoranda (with or without 2 document source , number)

- containing substantive or derogatory information on the subject of the 201

- should be sent to.1P/AN to be classified officially into the 201 file. _

(9) An attachment which should be separated from its basic document
_for inclusion in a 201 personality dossier will be forwarded with the basic ~
document to IP/ AN for processing into the 201. tee, :

(10) To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK sensitivity of a document
remaining in a 201 dossier being retired to Central Files, place that document
in an envelope sealed with black tape (see DOI 70-17). Any RYBAT, P&L,
or KAPOK document sent to Central Files not in a black-taped envelope will
automatically be handled as desensitized. A black-taped envelope may con- .”
tain only one document and must be filed in chronological order within the
file. If there are numerous documents of this type the desk officer may black-
tape the entire dossier rather than individual documents (see DOI 70-10).

26.3

SECRET

14-00000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

Black-taped dossiers or dossiers with black-taped_ documents will be
_handled as restricted dossiers. . oo,

. (11) An inactive 201 dossier or an inactive volume of a large 201
. dossier on. permanent charge: should be -returned to-Central Files under a
. Routing and Record Sheet with the notation shown below... 0: 9°.

Ope "OD conripentia, - “Gel SecREr
ROUTING AND RECORD SHEET

“"" CP uNceassiFieD

[ Restricted Dossier
(Attach Porm 2021 to
Dossier) - :

(2) Mor-Restricted Dossier

For Split Charge Dossiers: _
ALL docupents prior to.

OBES OO uncuassirien

14-00000

SECRET

: . DOHB 70-1-1
Tee, oo. CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

15 November: 1974

6. 201 DOSSIER CHARGES ~

A 201 dossier may be kept on permanent charge at the desk during any
period of active interest. If the dossier is transferred to another desk, the desk
officer who is transferring the dossier must notify Central Files of the transfer.
Ceatral Files will then send the Notice of Transfer of Document or File Account-
ability (Form 2977) to the new action desk officer.

2

CONFIDENTIAL

* (uben Fitted 32)

Tae

This is to notify you that accountability for the doc!

ument(s) and/or file(s) cited
below hes been transferred to you by: . _ fo.

wae - Cy), Cl av.

Accordingly, IP's records now reflect you as the custodian. Please contact IP/Files,° .
- Ext. 4362, if you have sny questions regarding this transfer. : i rs

CONFIDENTIAL

The new action desk officer must then fill out a 201 Personality File Action
Request (Form 813) to change the action desk designation to insure that the: ~
_ 201 personality will be included in the Headquarters and field machine’ listings

- for his component. ae ae oy

7. RESTRICTED DOSSIERS

a. Access to a sensitive 201 dossier may be restricted by holding the file at the
desk or placing it on restriction in Central Files. . :

(1) The dossier may be restricted by checking-Box 2 on the 201
Personality File Action Request (Form 831) when the file is opened. —
26.5

SECRET
14-00000

SECRET

”” DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

(2) The dossier may be restricted by holding it on permanent charge
from Central Files. (Note: To maintain the restriction of a dossier being
retumed to Central Files for rétention, a File Restriction Notice (Form
2021) must accompany the dossier.)

(3) The dossier may be restricted and held in Central Files 5 by sub-
mitting a File Restriction Notice (Form 2021).

"CONFIDENTIAL

(thee Filled Ta)

“FALE RESTRICTION HOTICE - -

- To restrict @ file, couplete Section A (signature of R.O. not
necessary).

2. To remove a restriction, complete Section B (R.0, ‘signature

. Recessary). .

ee

_ | SEGTION A
* "RESTRICT TO: "(Wee country or nou-country cate musber. See C5t 70-28) __.

82, WORT CL BY COE?

CONFIDENTIAL

.. b, Access to a restricted dossier located in Central Files is limited to the
personnel of the restricting desk or persons authorized by that desk. Any request
for the charge of a restricted dossier or any document within a restricted dossier
held in Central Files will be forwarded with the entire dossier and a: multiple-
routed cover-sheet to the restricting desk. This desk may then forward the file
to the requester or deny the request and return the dossier to Central Files. The
desk will notify the requester of a denial.

c. Anyone requesting a réstricted dossier, or a document within a restricted
dossier, permanently or temporarily charged to a desk, will be referred to that :
desk by Central Files.

26.6

SECRET

14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

8. REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION ON’ 201 PERSONALITIES

The Automated Index Section (IP/AIS) will provide the identity of the
subject of a 201 number unless the 201 file is restricted, in which case the
requester will be referred to the restricting desk. .

IP/AIS will also provide the 201 number assigned to a name, unless the 201
file is restricted, or state that there is no 20] number assigned. Requesters should
_ supply identifying information whenever available for each name submitted.

Fe se Tt A a lac oH a aa - eel a

. Requests pertaining to five or fewer names or numbers may be made by
telephone by calling the IP/AIS red line extension; IP/AIS will provide the.
information by return call to the requester’s extension as listed in the Badge . ..
Table. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent
by tube or courier to IP/AIS; IP/AIS will reply by return mail.

9. 201 DOSSIER CANCELLATION

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer, after
appropriate coordination. The file should be forwarded to IP/RMS which will :
lestroy. the folder and the cards. leading -to it. and will. the
number from-machine lists: Any Record Copy decument’ CGiitained in: the folder :
_ will be: reclassified to another appropriate file or sent to the Destruction Onit
(IP/DU) as directed by the desk Records Officer.

10, 201 MACHINE LISTINGS

Machine listings provide field stations and Headquarters desks with names
and 201 numbers in the requester’s particular geographic or functional area of
interest. If a component wishes to exclude a sensitive 201 personality from its | .
alphabetic, numeric, and cryptonym listings, this may be done when opening ."”
the 201 or later by a 201 amendment. On the 201 Personality File Action Request
(Form 831) leave the country of location (Box 15) and interest desk (Box 16)
blank, use the-non-country code 900 in the action box (Box 14), and indicate
permanent charge to the responsible desk. The only listing which will include the
201 number is the IP/201 record for the Vital Records program. 201 listings are
categorized as standard or nonstandard and as scheduled or special.

a. Standard Listings

___ Issued semi-annually to Headquarters and the field; based on a component's
interest as indicated in the “Action Desk,” “Country of Location,” and “Interest

26.7

: SECRET

14-00000

SECRET _
ee! : DOHB 70-1-1 }
eee CTE 2 late CHAPTER II, ANNEX B {

. wo. . oo . : . 15 November 1974

Desk” blocks on the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form en, The,
standard listings available are: « . : 8 we

q) “Alphabetical by “ senanie:laatig to a 201 number;

(2) Alphabetical by given name, leading toa 201 number;

(3) Alphabetical by cryptonym, leading to a a 201 numbe

(4) Numerical, leading to a surname;

_ @) Numerical, leading toa cryptonym,

FUL A CHINA
201 SURNAME ALPHA L

BIKE OI-2 rr ae tac.
Bs Fs

SHAU Ts JPEESZ3343/F90307, ~ FTsULIS “ateds01 *

CHIN RANG TUNG

swou ET s71t572383/00017 |” . se + DDT . 230959
SHOU Te JTIISSL363/00017 ©. A | 24 SAMEL a soe . as 7653. +:
SHCUSSFY 267747 110870038 30° - - CHIN. ANOY "+. BUSP. ECON? 00%3751- . ”
SHoU MEL .. ,OSEANL9 CHIN, FURICH, PROV. 7 CHIN? 0234629
6 77209713497690 . “\2UNCTOR - CHIN, PANCINIP TAy PCRT ARH <CHAT | 0173620
in mn FTALS/EL037001 A * R2NDV22 . . NAT
Sricu-129 1enargs . (Bier cee,

SHON-ESENG #TEESS110271"
a SPCU TZE JOTOLZLISI/ P97, |.
“A PLLS/Y1047495

car
o28e zh

i ng
ene,

LOAECLI CHIN, RSALGTUNG PFOV
O2JUL30 CHIN, KWANGTUNG PROV.
nen be CHIN RAN TANG 1s
nDV30 ne
. Hy * CIRCZZ... htm. peruty

Shin nas ZPRUS/ZRAS/3LEST

. ORJULAS CHIN RZAKGTUNG . 2 HIN?
SI GLAS ITUNSL2979775 19 CH FUR TER . cain?
S1UNS SPRIS/Z595/7 | 2EFENOT — ChINe SWANGTUNG. fone * ccove
Gury Shu MSU JTLL5/2295/0133 ~ Ossayra = CHIN, . wan CHIN?
Cotas SHU-HE A, op SOMAIZO | ert eces
Creed. Suit £7205/2209750307 B- QSFERLG6 CHIN, , BIST CHAT.
Cures seu RUE sTAUS/ZE8S/2710 2700: cuts ears: corns PROF CHIN?
curn, smu Lay “a cH : > econ
ceacat enn .  DIPT CHIne
25anv20- CHIN, PErGSHUN cuIne
OLSLZ9- Ne WEARSSU eita cca .
. 2a ISCAM-RSLEN, KLANGSU cnar
. HERGHAT : chAG CHIN?
: CHIN, KUANGEUNG PROV. + + GNaTe
a CHIN, RanPcTUNG . CHIN
Cunt, FUxtex Prov CHIN?
CHEN, SHU=TE Tr tbenessr ees AL + GEOL CHIN?
CieN, SHE TEN P4757 _ End, CHaus sie ootsest
Cube, Sut TG #72157086776839 CHIA,MANG Cree : cuin? . 0153929
Cer, Sues Ly 2711572225 /27377 ents | . SPIN COON” 0767542
Evry Su TE. APULS/OGAT/OI2TS =k : 1 GNSL32e
EHPER, SHU-YAU /73125/2655/1031 CHIN, KNAHETUNG cca? 6993176
CHOE, Sev CHIN, PERE ING CHIN? 0107396
VEG STUS72095 75397 HEN KW Cue? OtTsezs
es YANG HSIENe MUN ARMY .CNAT © 0342428
tMe CTE TANT WT Chow athe
7 z SHninat ‘CHIN? onesorg | : . L
Ame Yn FPLLDZ25707 398427 VO OSSEPIP | CHEN, 37E y Guin? OLs6TsH . z
- meee. .
SECRET/ORGANLZATION INTERNAL USE OLY . . . z ;
EQ TMPNET CL ay 054079 4 .

26.8

SECRET

'», O-code of XX or codes of XX, XY, or XZ. A 201 personality list could also. be |
- produced of all persons who were born in Germany between the years 1915 .

“Note however’ that the listing would contaix:enly those personalities with: 2

. with no OI code would be excluded. The requester could however ask that

~” that when retrieving lists based on occupation, the listing will be only as specific.
' as the occupation code (Attachment 1). The’ occupation code. for a courier.”

', occupation. For example, the occupation code CRAF covers those who practice i
some trade or manual occupation, i.e., carpenters; bricklayers, painters, mechanics ©...

|

| (arranged) according to any, but not more than three, of the following keywords:

SECRET

aa , : DOHB 70-1-1 -
LS CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

All standard listings are cumulative; previous editions must. be destroyed 7
upon receipt of current editions. These listings are by their very nature extremely .
sensitive compilations of information and must be given every possible safeguard.

b. Non-Standard Listings —

' Based on one or more of the following selection criteria: °
2 (1) Country of location , coo hae . - :
(2) OL codes (organization and/or intelligence affiliation)’ 94 ©

"* (8) Citizenship ate Re
_ (4) Year of birth (plus or minus a given number of years) .

These selection criteria may“be used singly or in combinations. For example, i
a user could obtain a list of all 201 personalities who have ‘been assigned the

and.1920, with the occupation.computer ‘specialist, who are now citizens of the ~
United States, located in Mexico, and who had been assigned the OI code AA.

OI code AA. Those personalities with an. OF:ecode- other.-than-AA- and ‘these-

persons who have not been assigned an OJ code also be included. Note also oa

covers only a documented courier. Someoccupation codes cover moré than one ”

and electricians. If a list is requested for electricians, all others in this category
will be included ‘in ‘the printout, These non-standard listings may be sorted .. ©

(b) Givenmame)
-(d) Country of birth * an cs
' (e) Citizenship

(f) OI code

(g) Location

26.9

SECRET
SECRET >
_ DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER IU, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

“Sorts can be made within ‘sorts. For example, 201 personalities may be sorted
~ alphabetically by surname within OI codes for given. countries of location.- - -

Because two OI codes may be listed: for each personality, those names ‘with two

OI codes would be listed twice. ste

' e Scheduled Listings
> , : Standard and non-standard listings printed semiannually.
..d. Special Listings ,

' ”. Unscheduled, usually non‘standard, listings produced on a one time basis” |”
in response to special operational requirements.
e. Request for Listings — oo
. All requests for standard or non-standard alphabetical and numerical 201°
' Hstings for Headquarters and the field, for changes in periodic. listings, and for.) .

_ information on the 201 machiné list system should be made to the component
Records Management Officer. : : se o

_ 26.10

SECRET
14-00000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER I], ANNEX B
: ttachment 2

15 November 1974

AUTOMATIC 201 DOSSIER OPENINGS

Note: 201 files will be opened automatically by IP/AN on the following cate-
gories of people.

1. Arab Republic of Egypt (ARE)
- a. Diplornats with rank of third secretary or above.
b. Military attaches and assistant military attaches.
c Intelligence officers of the General Intelligence Department (GID).

(Prior to opening of an ARE 201 file, check with NE/E for correct spelling
of name and additional biographic data.)

2 British Commonwealth cee.

a. All positively identified members of MI- 5 and MI-6, the British Intelligence :

> be ALL positive! ly
(IMIS).

ec. Canadian Communist Party officials on national or provincial Jevels and
officials of the Canadian Communist Party front organizations. Do not open
unless there js at least a date of birth given.

d. All members of the Security Service of the Royal Canadian: Mounted.
Police (RCMP-SS).

_ 3. Cuba

Intelligence service employees (DSE, DGI).

+. Israel

a. All Israeli diplomats. C/NE/ISR should be indicated as the originating
office with CI/SP always indicated as the secondary office of interest.

. Military attaches.

Assistant military attaches.

°

d. Identified intelligence officers.
- 26.15

SECRET
14-00000

’ » ° «& £
ret a aes = « chan a : a ES Pea ertht chiA Sahitcmriest ae Ot Ae eke ne 98 f
Re TNT I NO aL TIC Ter ORM ?
SECRET )

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

5. North Vietnam
All diplomats and NELSV (PRG) officials stationed abroad.

6. USSR

a. All Soviets assigned PCS to an official representational installation, ‘ te, :
embassy, consulate, commercial representation, national airline (Aeroflot)
office, news media office. - .

b. All Soviets assigned Ps PCS to the United Nations i in New Yor Paris, Geneva,
and Vienna. ' . ;

_&. | Audio technicians, after coordination with SE. desk. concerned: - i

~ d, Students who will be studying abroad for a full academic year at institutions :
of higher learning. .

26.16

SECRET
14-00000

SECRET

po-I-l
CSHB 49-44
CHAPTER It |

“CLANDESTINE SERVICES
HANDBOOK NO. 4d-4=1 US February 1980

“these personalities. Tato the cs: records £
CoB, 201 ~123456, i is assigned to each

_ status. and prospects. Once the
.futwre reporting on the individya

Ol number is assigned, itis.usedin | .
both as a file number and in, n place of

a Cie Bae ay |

SECRET oe a go- tl eb.
14-00000

woe an c ~
SECRET
a Fo-l-t-
“CSHB-43+4-4
en CHAPTER I, ANNEX B
CLANDESTINE SERVICES AY
: HANDBOOK NO. 43~t-¢ . 45 Febroary 1980

of the Cuban desk on the dramatis personae. In addition to 201 per-
sonalities, such lists should.contain the names arid identifying data...
of persons who should be kept track of, althougy { they may only be of ©
tangential interest or on whom there may be ttle ‘or no ‘data other .:
than that given in the listing itself: ,

4. To accommodate this type of requi ment in the 201 system, .
identifiable personalities concerning wh m enough information is not US

ae er etter ete tee meen ean eu ane nema

Dispatch Symbol and No. S.... ce Bp

vee

XYZA~12345

- Headquarters File No.
201 - :

6. IDN numbers are assigned by RID at headquarters upon the -
request of stations or desks which are developing special identification
programs within the 201 system. The field receives current notifica-

tion of new 201 openings and IDN numbers through the Field Index Card .
Service. .

44

SECRET
- SECRET
ee , 70-11
— we CSHB 43-4-+ ..
. ; . CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B
CLANDESTINE SERVICES
| HANDBOOK NO. 43-4+-4-. 15 February 19

: ' 4, Stations or branches often are concerned with peréonalities

: - not of general CS concern. Files on these may be kept in any desired
order. Should such personalities become of genera CS interest,
they must be brought into the 201 system. * og

_ 45

‘SECRET:
```

