# Document

## Page 1

```text
14-00000

104-10143-10088)

TS wrens men penp Aan

: b. The 201 Dossier: the officgal fi ae
' 831) and all biographi ating. opine refer NV the individual, ie., per- ~
sonal history, curren! a .
: ( »)

" - ( SECRET (

| 2025 RELEASE UNDER THE PRESIDENT JOHN F. KENNEDY ASSASSINATION RECORDS ACT OF 1992 |.
. a a

a

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill

15 November 1974

ANNEX B

So - THE 201 aN
Rescission: Annex B of Cha RY MAT. 27 October 1986
say Sse

L vtropuer ut oe -

al . . . ae

- The 201 system oi od for identifying a person of specific in-
terest to the Operations ectorate and for controlling and filing all pertinent
information about that person. The system also provides a means for identifying
subjects of 201 files from various categories of information-about them and for
producing lisits of 201 personalities according to those categories. Only a rela-
tively small number of personalities indexed are of sufficient interest to justify
opening a 201 dossier. These are normally subjects of extensive reporting and
CI investigation, prospective agents and sources, members of groups and organi-
zations of continuing target interest, or subjects on whom a volume of corre-
spondence has accumulated.

2. THE 201 SYSTEM
The principal features of the 201 system are: .

a. The 201 Number: a unique number, i.e., 201-1234587, assigned to each
individual in the system to serve as identifying fil ber for reporting on that
individual. « \ :

“file COnDI

ing the 201 opening form (Form

@

e. The Master 201 Receg ‘ ecord generated by the opening of = si«Ct
a 201 file. This record produhy Synaster 201 reference for the Main Index and
stores the pertinent information-which may later be retrieved! for special listings.

d. Main Index Master 201 Reference: this reference, printed in reply to an
Index Search Request, is printed as illustrated below. When data are absent

within the record, succeeding data items or lines will be moved up and the ref-
erence consolidated. ,

23

SECRET

Rae Stal Page cy
GUUL7E3 care — op ay
ad NO, —aweem,.
cence,
1714-00000 ©

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

OX CODES AA Xx.
RCO DATE 53

201-0032671" —(@)
TYPE NAME ery

SUBNTEENY ANNUAL

SOSTATEON OF CHEMISTS
1 2 22 THROUGH
Se how 70 00833555

Information About Subject
1. Sequence Number and Name
Bons 2. Sex and Date of Birth
- 3. Citizenship
4. Place of Birth
5. Occupation
6. Occupation Code
7. Text

Document Reference ax rot y)
8. 201 Numb:
9. Name Type

10. OF Codes

11. Record Date only)

12. Reference
ISG Control Information

13. Date of latest update of the record
14. STAR Index Record Number

24

SECRET

i
3
j
z

SOY oui n. ae.

ee
1400000 +

Tree NTO NUMA PAT DOPED RAED PORES BND DONE SN PR

ral
{

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

e. OI Code: a two letter symbol used in
sonality records in the 201 system to reco oki
with organizations or activities of opext\

jon with the 201 per-
ation of an individual
Nierest. OL codes cover intelli-
ethér s: agent, or known or

suspect, as well as activities, i aks) two categories of OL
codes for use by compo ON :
_ (1) general OT. ROY SS
(2) OI codes assigned YO
or other specific organizatio - .
A component may request an OI code be established by submitting a mem-

orandum to the DDO/RMO through the component Records Management
Officer. i :

%

A 20] personality may be assigned two OI codes. An OI code may be assigned
‘when the 201 Personality File Action Request (Form 831) is initiated (see
paragraph 3b below) by filling in Box 13 or a code may be assigned or added
at a later date by a Form 831 amendment. . .

The 201 system has the capability of producing machine listings of 201
personalities by OI codes. For example, if an OF code has been opened for the
security service of a certain country a listing may be compiled of all members

of that service.

f. 201 Machine Lists: produced from the mechanized 201 Index, based on

names or other identifying information of personalities on whom 201 dossiers
exist. . :

3. OPENING A 201 DOSSIER aw
\
a. General ; \ Ww a

The opening of a 201

@ prerogative of an operational com- |
ation SG ies sroup. An opening creates
taste and the occasional closing
sks and ISG. 201 dossiers may be
opened on persons whowme ig criteria described in Chapter II of this
handbook, when there is ‘a gas le expectation that additional information
will be acquired and filed in Such a dossier. Generally dossiers are opened on :
persons about whom counterintelligence information is being reported, and per- |
sons of operational interest to the Operations Directorate, specifically those :
persons for whom provisional operational. approvals and operational approvals
are requested (see exception below). 201 files are not to be opened on staff '
employees, staff agents and most categories of contract employees. Files on -

of a 201 dossier are cdgtes

SECRET

COUL765

14-0000

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

persons who are only of local interest to a ~ station or Headquarters desk.

records systém and are to be main in SNW nit. Some desks levy require-
ments.on ISG for reat A
names appear in incoming
dossiers should be. (pens NY ae

\\
(1) Sub WG Pp
proval requests» How
for persons being

a tonal interest for training. Purposes only. ©

and on whom no DDO records nae ts are not a part of the DDO
‘b

listed in Attachment 2. 201

onal approval and operational a ap-
ed not be opened when a POA is requested

(2) Persons for whom the field requests a. 201 opening,

- (3) MHFIXTURE personalities: bonafide diplomats of other than
denied area countries, in close association with staff personnel.

_) Subjects of a Personal Record Questionnaire Part L

saat

nt certain categories of persons whose .

r a foreign liaison service and who are of opera- .

” (8) Persons on whom a Main Index search reveals information § in five

or more documents (see DOI 70-20).

(6) Subjects of Interagency Source Register memoranda from LSN/
ISR (opened only by IP/RMS). .

b. Requesting a 201 File Opening

Headquarters desks may open a filling out and submitting
a 201 Personality File Action AWS 31) to the Records Main-
tenance Section (IP/RMS) ‘83 also used to create or amend the
master 201 record asd nN She | aie % and to register the assign-
ment of a cryp s hment 8 consists of sample
201 Personality yeHon Fag Rane ing and amending 201’s. A field
station may request th Ag Ol. file by writing 201- in the Head-
quarters file or ered ox on the dispatch form and/or after’ the
subject's name in the body Sf the dispatch, A telepouch request for a 201 opening
is made by indicating 201- in the file number line. A cable request is made by
placing 201- after’ the term “File”. on the last line of the transimission. Te/AN
will open 201 files as requested by dispatch or telepouch but it is the responsi-
bility of the desk to’respond to cable requests. Field stations are notified of
201 openings through receipt of the field master 201 record.

26
SECRET

G0UL7E L

1766 Pacz  S

copy NO.

oP? oe

14-0000 »

SECRET

_DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

4. CONTENTS OF THE DOSSIER
Information about a 201 personality should be filed or cross-referenced into
his dossier. When additional information is discovered ona 201 subject through

a name trace or other process, ie., revie ecessor documents, it must
aa OI 70-20 for consolidation

be consolidated into his personali
procedures. . y ‘ | : ;
Material which i YY dossie: ce is not limited to:
Loa 201 Pe File (Form 831). . .

b. Biographic luding photographs, fingerprints, and
handwriting. samples.

STSCI I <= (9808 BESET POAT NO ETN ROBPRA STACEY DAD PAPO RO ES HP

nen so

2 ec Personal Record Questionnaire Parts I and Il.
d. Operational and other security approvals. to, 7
e. Name check replies, requests, clearances, and approvals.
f. Acknowledgement of pseudonym.
8. 201 personality assessments and evaluations,
4 . ( hb. Copy of contract and termination papers.

*. & Secrecy agreement,

- j. Agent Duty Status Report.
oe Training and evaluation, ( Ws
2" 1 /SGSWIRL ao a

ap vide a better understanding of the
is may include operational reporting.

m. Newspa

5. MAINTENANCE OF 201 DOSSIERS

The 201 personality dossier contains, in document date order, papers which
have been made a part of the Central Records System as well as those which
have not. Record documents may range from newspaper or magazine articles
cn the subject to finance and other administrative papers,

26.1

SECRET

SECRET
DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

a. Purging

Purging a 201 dossier is the responsibility of the desk officer. It requires
discrimination in xecognizing operationally .useful material, rather than the

simple distinction between official a ial papers; it will therefore take
place under the supervision Se icer, Purging should be done
. periodically. A 201 session belts Kory to Central Files for retention should.

‘be purged. A 20) dossier Siowhe Ds f the following:
be purge Aa ANNU a ean e ol lowing:
“qay\p plivate mat AN: Ros (s) of a document.
Wig ‘\ :

fale =
“ (2) Name _tra SH \hQtr EAS unless it has been the basis for -
/ the opening. PN , oo ae
(3) All absttact slips re

(4) All document restriction notices (Form 1884). ;

(5) The disseminated version of positive intelligence information if
a copy of the raw report is contained in the 201 file; the dissemination number
then must be transferred to the first page of the raw report,

(8) Routing slips, routing and record sheets (Form 610) and dispatch
cover sheets unless there are remarks such as coordinations or comments,

(7) Record copy documents which only repeat substantive information
contained in other documents in the file; authorization for destruction is

by the Records Officer. \\ : ;
(8) Top Secret documents are Onn in-a 201 dossier
ty

forwarded to Central Files; the é downgraded for retention

in the 201 dossier, To & Sec <Hocument, an authorized
he Racor of jcer having jurisdiction

Officer in the orig} i e Rec
over the contents teria elias op Secret classification
authority, If the dod sat eC way ed the file should be retained
at the desk or the c : ‘iment should be removed, retained
in a desk TS file or fw déd“to the Top Secret Control Officer, and a
cross-reference sheet (Form 867) placed in the 201 file giving the location
of the TS document. : ;

' (9) Deferred documents (see 5b(2)).

b. Maintenance Procedures .
(1) All material in a 201 dossier will be filed in document date order.
In the case of document attachments which have been classified into a 201

26.2

SECRET

14-0000

SORE aR A NO Ta eam SERIES BANE ROMAIN DN BIR PAMELA TRY rites at

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

dossier and separated from the basic document by the assignment of a slash
number, the attachment will be filed by the date of the basic document.

(2) Deferred documents will not be filed in 2 201 dossier. If they are
to be retained in the dossier they should be sent ae for classification

into that 201. BW
\
(3) Field index car \ Nal Jvand area desk cards may
be retained in the Ww Consolidatt rocedure. These cards
should be mounted ginthe20l.. |

ae

(4) A 201 dossiex pr \ person who becomes a staff
employee and which cont: ‘opy documents will be restricted to
the ISG/DIP unless the dddk retains the restriction. The dossier should be
closed if there are no Record Copy documents in it.

(5) A 201 opened in pseudonym should be consolidated into the true
name 201 if one exists or converted to the true name. .

_ (6) Field and duplicate (shadow) 201 files no longer of active interest
should be incorporated into the official 201 after the duplicate material
has been purged by the desk officer and the remaining information classified
to that 201 by the Analysis Section (IP/AN).

(7) Any document with a predecessor organization cover sheet or an
OPC (Office of Policy Coordination) cover sheet from the Archives and

Disposition Section (IP/ARD) must be returne@\to IP/ARD for processing
to the 201. ay
(8) Desk memoranda iy tra document source number)
containing substantiy, ey itiformati am on the subject of the 201
should be sent assifi A ially\into the 201 file.
ANS Were from its basic document
sfér will be forwarded with the basic
ig into the 201.

(9) An attacbrent whi
for inclusion in a 2Q1
document to IP/AN for

(10) To retain the P&L, RYBAT, or KAPOK sensitivity of a document
remaining in a 201 dossier being retired to Central Files, place that document
in an envelope sealed with black tape (see DOI 70-17). Any RYBAT, P&L,
or KAPOK document sent to Central Files not in a black-taped envelope will
automatically be handled as desensitized. A black-taped envelope may con-
tain only one document and must be filed in chronological order within the
file. If there are numerous documents of this type the desk officer may black-
tape the entire dossier rather than individual documents (see DOI 70-10).

26.3

SECRET

,

SECRET

- DOBB 70-1-1
CHAPTER II, ANNEX B

we pe ; 15 November 1974

7? Black-taped dossiers or dossiers with black-taped . documents will be
_ handled as restricted dossiers. .

; . | (1) An. inactive 201 dossier or ani ive volume of a large 201
_. dossier on. permanent charge: shoul, to-Central Files under a
-::, Routing and Record Sheet with (s) iown below.. : ee

walt

F
S

(For guidance see CSHB 70-1-1,
Chapter IIT, Aanex B.)

Volune(s) # of, _

volime(s)

of 201, _ -

oe ae a
2 ee
Sa a

Cl) Restricted Dossier
(Attach Porm 2021 to
Dossier)

() Non-Restricted Dossier

\ Dossiers:
$ prior to
. 1 oe Mate}

: IP/Piles, ALL

Jam
D

ze

BAK

Oo

Sr Ole ER] SecreT CONFIDENTIAL =] [IRL UNCLASSIFIED

SECRET

ainecd “

3
3 2b
, oe of tO ,

———.
14-00000-

SECRET

: : DOHB 70-1-1
Tee, oe ' CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November: 1974

6. 201 DOSSIER CHARGES © . re

A 201 dossier may be kept on permanent a. the desk during any
period of active interest. If the dossier is transferred o another desk, the desk
officer who is transferring the dossier must.apttfy Central Files of the transfer.
Central Files will then send Notice of 3
ability (Form 2977) to thee

NOTICE OF TRANSFER OF DOCUMENT oR FILE ACCOUNTABILITY

. This is to notify you that fccountability for the document(s) and/or file(s) cited
delow has deen transferred to you by: . a

es. eee) un Ty nena TTT eed aA

Accordingly, IP's records now reflect you as the custodian. Please contact IP/Files,
Ext. 4362, if you have any questions regarding this transfer. .

CONFIDENTIAL

The new action desk officer must the Ail AW on Personality File Action
be Request (Form 813) to change the. acting designation to insure that the

201 personality will be included-ti the quarters and field machine’ listings
- for his component. Na : os

be restricted by holding the file atthe

(1) The dossier may be restricted by checking-Box-2 onthe 201
Personality File Action Request (Form 831) when the file js opened. .

26.5

SECRET

GOULT 74 paz Jp of 22,

COPY NO. {
14-0000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

(2) The dossier may be restricted by holding it on permanent charge
from Central Files. (Note: To maintain the restriction of a dassier being
retumed to Central Files for rétention, a File Restriction Notice (Form

2021) must accompany the dossi +9 \, : a ;
(3) The dossier may bas _ d held in Central Files: by sub-
‘orm ae ;

" mitting a File Oe ' spat).

FILE RESTRICTION NOTICE

+ To restrict a file, complete Section A (signature of R.0. not
necessary). .
yemove @ restriction, complete Section B (R.0. signature
necessary). mo,

RESTRICT TO: (Use country or non-country code number. See CSI 70-28)
RESTRICTED BY:

E33 2021 este

_. b, Access to a restricted dossier located in Central Files is. limited to the
personnel of the restricting desk or persons ized by that desk. Any request
for the charge of a restricted dossier peat . nt within a restricted dossier

ed Ww gntire dossier and a multiple-

held in Central Files will be fo: are :
FAca sk may then forward the file

routed cover sheet to the r wa eek. Thi 5
. to the requester or de: Yiest and dossier to Central Files. The
desk will notify Ss ade co . .
ec. Anyone req) Bad \\ essier, or a document within a restricted

dossier, permanently or typi charged to a desk, will be referred to that
desk by Central Files.

26.6

SECRET

COVL7T2

1400000 6) aa”

_ interest. If a component wishes to exclude

" blank, ‘use the no: As
Permanent charge tthe

categorized as standard’ o xi

SECRET
. , , DOHB 70-1-1
, oo CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B

15 November 1974

8. REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION ON: 201 PERSONALITIES
‘The Automated Index Section agers the identity of the

subject of 2 201 number unless Chen eek ile

ticted, in which case the
requester will be referred_t elvestrighing . case

: ewer names or numbers may be made by
telephone by calling the IP/AIS red line extension; IP/AIS will provide the

information by return call to the requester’s extension as listed in the Badge...

Table. Requests for more than five names or numbers must be listed and sent

_by tube or courier to IP/AIS; IP/AIS will reply by return mail.

9. 201 DOSSIER CANCELLATION __ :

A 201 file may be authorized for cancellation by a Records Officer, after
appropriate coordination. The file should be forwarded to IP/RMS which will
destroy the folder and the cards Jeading to it and will remove the name and
number from machine lists. Any: Record Copy document contained in the folder
will be reclassified to another appropriate file or sent to the Destruction Unit
(IP/DU) as directed by the desk Records Officer.

10, 201 MACHINE LISTINGS

Machine listings provide field stations and B adquarters desks with names
and 201 numbers. in the requester’s parti aphic or functional area of
ve 201 personality from its
is may be done when opening

rsonality File Action Request

and interest desk (Box 16)

ox (Box 14), and indicate
only listing which will include the

he Vital Records program. 201 listings are
ard and as scheduled or special.

(Form 831) leave
201 number is the IP/20kR

a. Standard Listings ,

Issued semi-annually to Headquarters and the field; based on a component's
interest as indicated in the “Action Desk,” “Country of Location,” and “Interest

>

26.7

SECRET

6004773

numb ‘to a name, unless the 201
i signed, Requesters should ~
ewer @Byaildbie for each name submitted.

14-0000

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER III, ANNEX B

: ee . 15 November 1974

Desk” blocks on the 201: Personality
standard listings availableare: -; :

(1) Alphabetical by sum

File Action Request (Form 831). The.

ag to a 201 number; no ; oo

leading to a 201 number;

. .

“FOr a china
“201 SURNAME ALDH,
an 5

Naa “Tats
CISy

MAY be ATERSF IAS 750397.

ATUL

» CHEN» RWANGTUNG ~ 0265401" RK
sou T /7135/1343700017 | ~ - ofr 32833 CHIN
Sueur te /TIRS/139370001F A Be gAMLL : . 70653
SHCUSJFY 787747 310870038 90 - CHIN, ASOY . BUSP COM? 0343751 HK
Susu Men - 2. | @asatt? CHIN, FUXTEM, PROV. 7 CHIN? 0236629 cusa
SHINEE 77109713537690 TRUNCTOR © CHIN, MANCHUPIA, SCAT ARTH - GMAT O179620 CHIN
Sey SH FTLUS/LNOS/OOR «=A D2ROV22 CHIN, HUNAN . CAT 0059786
SetCU-TAd . 1enaR4S = CHIN blpr coos” aesssag
FM SHCUOTSENG PPLESZILOS/E° AR. Cithety CANTON ENGR ChAT © 0812855
Cuike SHCU TIE /OTQIA1I4301007 °° Ozsen2e | CHI: LIACKIKE PRO CHIN? 0130615
CHEN, SHOU=¥ER 77215711097499 A2ZIAN1E CHIN, FEKTEN cCceH? = aoonng3
CHEN, Sieory . . ., O9JUNDS CHIN, CANTON PROF CHIN? ‘OOG02R9
GME, Steger . A LONECLA «CHIN, RRARGIUNG PRCY clat? 0052638
Cute SHirmCHE4 771157222576930 © @2sUL3O CHIN, RWANGTUNG PROV. AtHY Cuar 0328328
QUT 9 SHY Cray STLESSIZ1O/122° caren Sie CHING HAN TANG TS CHiN? at2za43a
FMy SHURCUUAN SPLLSS 248572 NOVI tix - "SEA CHAT 0797335
ATINSI200S 12797 = A CARE22... CHIN DFILIU . CHIN? 09209223
: R my OMPAST?
.BEIULLS CHIN  RaaNGTUAG . CHIN? O179G21
Cesey Su) MS TANS STENS/25707 74 10 CHIN, FUXIEN an CHIN? 0045759
Cults” Sees 1UNS F711572 98577 +, 23FENO? — Cittte MHANGTUNG : “ €CaN? on73195 : -
cu SHU WStd 772157289576133 > OSMAYLA = CHIN, FOCcHeH . Chin? o17aa272

© SHtlmeta . FOMAIZG OPT = CCGM. o223t61

Ee Suited £7219/2225/350307 A OBR EBLA. CHIN, HG: OF2°185
Hr, SHU KET STEES/ZENS72710 27n0v23 0175873
cura, se Lay . wR a 0221972
Gout, Ser LEAWG *7119705677009 | circa. O223162
Coetty Sit LE PES 72 579726917 Z5NNv20- Orra6zs
Ceres SitLtus 7710972973 /7010 orsme2s © ON5nA sD
f shuetty “ &  Qaseezo:. ; 0996967
Cobh, Sey tae 2711902885/05897 1543430. iC: Caso CHIN? o17ee2s
Creer, suu-P ay £711472979702027 wenECI9 ” NAT? OUS2030

Chen, SHd-3z% STLNS 2895727737 Ok
cn AN FTLIS £25 7970090"
CHEN, SHUMTE /PTES/24R5 717957
CHES. SHU FEM sm7g7 v
cory TING 7271297066776639

Yay STUUS 72895027377
TRO ATIUSSNGHT/0RITS Ok
VA FIZEG/ZESS/LOSL
“718 y
Yi /TLS 72099759917
“VEN STULSZZST9FANRZS

“3

14? O805119
a? O1dI2=Ne
MN? O7A3914
OOtleoL
CHIN? . 0153920
COOH” OMET HE
woe O18l320
Cay? = 0993198 aa
CHIN? DLOT346
CHIN? Q17SL24
D YANG HSIEN. WN ARMY -CNAT 03494520
WTF CHIN, Tite CANS ant cane OVltain
2TArw et CHIN, SH AL on44010 . . CHiN
SHUM ATLL DFAS TEs AAAS v O4SEr2P CHIN, SUT CHAK Olss7sa . cone

IZATION IMTERNSL USE ONLY

a
EZ IMPNET CL wy O54079

26.8

SECRET

(op)
co)

ri

UL?774

. ' DOHB 70-1-1 -
CHAPTER Ill, ANNEX B

re 15 November 1974

All standard. listings are cumulative; previous editions must .be destroyed
upon receipt of current editions. These listings are by: their very nature extremely
_sensitive compilations of information and must be WY possible safeguard.

au
SN | oe sfliation y

b. Non-Standard Listings .

"7" (3) Citizenship ® ; ;
_ (4) Year of birth (pluilor'minus a given number of years)
-(B) Occupation ey vec ou

These selection criteria may be used singly or in combinations, For example,
‘a user could obtain a list of all 201 personalities who have been assigned the
Ol-code of XX or codes of XX, XY, or XZ. ‘A 201 personality list could also. be o
produced of all persons who were. born in Germany between the years 19135
and. 1920, with the occupation. computer ‘specialist, who are now citizens of the . . .
United States, located in Mexico, and who had been assigned the OI code AA. .
Note however that the listing would contain only those personalities with an
OI code AA. Those personalities with an OI code other. than AA and those .
with no OI. code. would be excluded. The requester could however ask that
persons who have not been assigned an OI code also be included. Note also .
that when retrieving lists based on occupation, the listing will be only as specific .
as the occupation code (Attachment 1). The’ Occupation code for a courier ° =
covers only a documented courier. Some “occupation ‘codes cover moré than one”
occupation. For example, the occupation code CRAF covers those who practice
some trade or manual occupation, Le., carpenters; bricklayers, painters, mechanics

"and electricians. If a list is requested for recent rs in this category

ss willl be included in -the’ printout. These noi

., farranged) according to any, but nqt-mnora th

a ) sms EVN ANE po _
(a) Countey of birth pW OS
(e) Citizenship - So ce
(g) Location

at

26.9

SECRET

GOUL7T5

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER ii, ‘ANNEX B

15 November 1974

“Sorts can: be made within ‘sorts. ack exar ersonalities may be sorted
*- alphabetically- by surname within) =o

: ee Ny ity, those names with two
OI codes would Be) lis wiged)

Standard and none

ve oe semiannually ;

..d. Special Listings

"| Unscheduled, usually’ non-standard, listings produéed on a one time basis :

in 2 Fesponse to Special operational requirements.

e. Request for Listings

All requests for standard or non-standard alphabetical and numerical 201

listings for Headquarters and the field, for changes in periodic listings, and for
information on the 201 machine list system should be made to the component
Records Management Officer.

we Cs i”

96.10

SECRET

BOU4 99
IUL EY

en- countries of location.. - -

ac _/ ST ot 4a,
Cope yo. | —
14-00000

"3. Cuba

SPA ERASE

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1
CHAPTER Il, ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

AUTOMATIC 201 DOSSIER OPE s
Note: 201 files will be opened automatically iby eas oy the following cate-
gories of people. ge
‘

1. Arab Republic of Pa. Wes gS

a. Diplomats with rank of NV

b. Military attaches and assistant ‘military attaches.

c Intelligence officers of the General Intelligence Department (GID))
(Prior to opening of an ARE) 201 file, check with 'NE/E, for correct spelling
of name and additional biographic data.) ;

2. British Commonwealth}

" g. All positively identified members of MI-5)and(MI-6) the British) Intelligence

Services.

b. All positively identified members of thei Irish Military) Intelligence Service
(IMIS). .

c.' Canadian} Communist Party offick aah or provincial levels and
officials of the: Canadian Comming mt organizations. Do not open

unless there is at least: ‘date o
jRoyal Canadian Mounted ;

given,
e FB ;
d. All members\(of, th Security s
‘Police (RCM al ° NC a

Intelligence service a DGI).

4.Israel”

a, All: Israeli: diplomats. ‘C/NE/ISR) should be indicated as the originating
office with CI/SP always indicated as the secondary office of interest.

b. Military attaches.
c. Assistant military attaches. :

ad. Identified intelligence officers.

26.15

SECRET

e

fat
ui

UL? 77

y4-nnnn0 "7

SECRET

DOHB 70-1-1 *
CHAPTER III,. ANNEX B
Attachment 2

15 November 1974

5. North Vietnam

All nant and NFLS bfficials stationed abroad. an :
ee ce Se ficial representational installation, ie, |
— Be con: a cor presentation, national airline (Aeroflot)
office, ne

—b. Alt son ed PCS to the United Nations i in New York, Paris, Geneva,
and Vienna. - :

t . Audio technicians, after coordination with SE ‘desk concerned:

a Students who will be studying abroad for a full academic year at institutions ,
” of higher learning. :

"96:16

SECRET
```

